HUM:"ind In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?"
HUM:gr What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
DESC:def What is e-commerce ?
DESC:manner How was Lawrence
NUM:count How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
HUM:ind Who invented batteries ?
HUM:ind Who is the President of Ghana ?
DESC:desc What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
HUM:ind Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
ENTY:cremat What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
HUM:ind What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
LOC:city What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
HUM:"gr What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN ."
ENTY:other What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
HUM:"ind Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?"
DESC:def What are liver enzymes ?
HUM:ind Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of failure ?
ENTY:substance What is pastrami made of ?
DESC:manner How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
ENTY:food What are all the different types of pizza ?
DESC:"reason Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?"
ENTY:religion What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
ENTY:color What are the three secondary colors ?
ENTY:body Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
ENTY:"other What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?"
HUM:ind What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
ENTY:food What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
DESC:def What are tannins ?
ENTY:lang What are the two languages of Malta ?
NUM:date When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
ENTY:instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
ENTY:sport What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
DESC:reason Why do people get calluses ?
LOC:other What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
NUM:date What day of the week was July 13 ?
HUM:gr Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
HUM:ind What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
HUM:ind CNN is owned by whom ?
HUM:ind Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
DESC:manner How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
ENTY:termeq The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
HUM:"ind What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?"
LOC:state What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
NUM:period What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
HUM:ind What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
ENTY:substance What are the most common elements in seawater ?
ENTY:substance What is natural gas composed of ?
LOC:other Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
HUM:ind Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
LOC:other What planet is known as the `` red '' planet ?
LOC:state What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
DESC:def What is solar wind ?
ENTY:cremat What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
HUM:ind Who is the founder of Scientology ?
DESC:manner How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
ENTY:event What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
ENTY:cremat What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
ENTY:"other What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?"
ENTY:other What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
DESC:reason Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
HUM:ind Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
DESC:desc What does a nihilist believe in ?
ENTY:sport Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
NUM:date When do you plant winter wheat ?
NUM:count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
HUM:ind Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
LOC:other What river in the US is known as the Big Muddy ?
ENTY:"event What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?"
ENTY:cremat What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
HUM:ind Who said 
LOC:city Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
LOC:other Where do lobsters like to live ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
ENTY:instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
DESC:def What are chloroplasts ?
NUM:count How many types of lemurs are there ?
DESC:def What is Muscular Dystrophy ?
NUM:count How many bones are in the human hand ?
HUM:ind Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
NUM:date When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
HUM:desc Who is Langston Hughes ?
NUM:count How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
LOC:other Where did he get the title ?
ENTY:lang What is the most frequently spoken language in the Netherlands ?
ENTY:body What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
ENTY:cremat Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
LOC:other Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
NUM:other What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
LOC:other What is worth seeing in Reims ?
ENTY:dismed What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
NUM:count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
NUM:count How many school districts are there in the United States ?
NUM:period How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
DESC:manner How do cameras take pictures ?
DESC:def What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
HUM:ind Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
LOC:other What soviet seaport is on the Black Sea ?
LOC:country What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
HUM:ind Who earns their money the hard way ?
HUM:ind What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
DESC:manner How can you tell if someone is lying ?
HUM:ind Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
LOC:other What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
DESC:def What are the Twin Cities ?
ENTY:sport What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
HUM:gr Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
ENTY:veh Name an American made motorcycle .
HUM:ind What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
ENTY:termeq What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
NUM:perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
ENTY:sport What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
NUM:count How many web servers are there ?
NUM:perc What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
HUM:ind Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
HUM:gr What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
DESC:desc What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
ENTY:color What color is a poison arrow frog ?
HUM:ind Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of everything ?
ABBR:abb What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
LOC:other Where is the group M People from ?
NUM:count How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
DESC:manner How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
ENTY:dismed What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
NUM:speed How fast is alcohol absorbed ?
ENTY:cremat What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of children ?
DESC:manner How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
ENTY:currency What currency do they use in Brazil ?
LOC:other Where is the Lourve ?
NUM:count A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
DESC:def What is power steering ?
LOC:other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
ABBR:exp What does IOC stand for ?
NUM:period What is the average life span for a chicken ?
ENTY:other What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
DESC:def What is a multiplexer ?
DESC:def What is pilates ?
NUM:period How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
ENTY:substance What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
DESC:def What are amicable numbers ?
ENTY:substance What metal has the highest melting point ?
ABBR:exp What is DEET ?
HUM:ind Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
ENTY:veh Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
DESC:def What is acid rain ?
ENTY:termeq What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
HUM:ind What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
NUM:volsize How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
DESC:reason Why is the development of space so important ?
ENTY:other What does a woman want ?
ENTY:other What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
ENTY:animal What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
ENTY:cremat What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
LOC:city What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
LOC:other Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
HUM:ind What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley 
ABBR:exp What does SIDS stand for ?
NUM:date When was the first stamp issued ?
HUM:"ind What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?"
HUM:gr What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
ENTY:techmeth Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
LOC:city What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
LOC:"other When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?"
HUM:ind What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
DESC:"desc What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?"
DESC:desc What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
NUM:code What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
DESC:reason Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
HUM:ind What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
LOC:other Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
DESC:manner How does blood clot ?
LOC:other What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
LOC:other Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
NUM:count How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
ENTY:animal What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
ENTY:animal What kind of fish is a coney ?
HUM:ind Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
NUM:date What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
NUM:date When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
DESC:reason Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
LOC:country What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
NUM:dist How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
ENTY:"color In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?"
HUM:ind What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
ENTY:food Name a food high in zinc .
DESC:desc What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
HUM:gr What is a society ruled by elders ?
HUM:ind Who invented basketball ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
NUM:count How many people watch network television ?
DESC:def What is a handheld PC ?
NUM:count How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
LOC:"other Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?"
DESC:desc What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of points ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being cold ?
ENTY:cremat What children 's tale contains the line 
DESC:def What does the word affiant mean ?
NUM:count How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
DESC:manner How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
LOC:country What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
LOC:other Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of food ?
DESC:manner How does an ion drive work ?
HUM:"ind Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?"
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
DESC:def What is federal income tax ?
ABBR:exp What does CNN stand for ?
NUM:count How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
NUM:period What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
NUM:date When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
HUM:"gr When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?"
DESC:def What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
NUM:weight What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
HUM:gr What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
ENTY:animal What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
HUM:ind What 's the most common surname in America ?
HUM:ind Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
LOC:other In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
DESC:manner How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
NUM:date The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
NUM:count How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
ENTY:color What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
NUM:count How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
DESC:reason Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
DESC:def What is the English meaning of caliente ?
NUM:period How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
ENTY:event What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
NUM:perc Developing nations comprise what percentage of the world 's population ?
ENTY:cremat What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
HUM:gr What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
ENTY:termeq What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
HUM:"ind Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?"
DESC:manner How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
DESC:reason Why are there olives in martinis ?
DESC:def What is e-coli ?
ABBR:exp What does the word LASER mean ?
HUM:ind Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
HUM:ind Who is the richest person in the world ?
LOC:"other What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?"
LOC:country What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
ABBR:exp What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
DESC:"desc What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?"
DESC:desc Where do rocks come from ?
ENTY:product What are different products of petroleum ?
LOC:"other What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?"
DESC:desc What happened in the Long March ?
HUM:gr What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
DESC:reason What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
HUM:ind What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
DESC:manner How does James Bond like his martinis ?
DESC:desc What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
ABBR:"exp What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?"
ENTY:sport What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
HUM:ind Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
ABBR:exp What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
DESC:manner How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
LOC:city What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
DESC:def What is Occam 's Razor ?
NUM:"other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
LOC:country Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
HUM:ind Who 's the only president buried in Washington
LOC:state What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
HUM:ind Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
LOC:country What country is home to Heineken beer ?
ENTY:cremat What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
HUM:ind What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
NUM:count How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
HUM:ind What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
HUM:ind Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
ENTY:event What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
ABBR:exp What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
HUM:ind What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
ENTY:"food When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?"
ENTY:sport What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
NUM:count How many horses died during the civil war ?
NUM:count How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
ENTY:sport What sport do you shag flies in ?
LOC:country Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
LOC:other Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
HUM:ind Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
DESC:manner How is plastic made ?
ENTY:other What generation am I in ?
LOC:other What is the oldest building in the United States ?
NUM:count How many meters are in a mile ?
DESC:manner How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
LOC:mount Name the highest mountain .
HUM:ind What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
LOC:city What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
ENTY:food What food can I use to catch a possum ?
ENTY:"sport What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?"
ENTY:termeq What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
HUM:gr What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
DESC:def What is Zionism ?
ENTY:food What type of food makes you fat ?
NUM:temp How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
DESC:manner How do you ask questions ?
DESC:def What is a pig in a poke ?
ENTY:cremat What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
HUM:ind Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
DESC:def What is nanotechnology ?
ENTY:sport What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
ENTY:other What does a farrier put shoes on ?
ENTY:cremat Jude Law was in what movie ?
DESC:def What is an eclipse ?
LOC:country What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
NUM:count How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
NUM:money How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
NUM:date What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?
DESC:def What are perfect tenses ?
HUM:gr What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
NUM:count How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
ENTY:other What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of strong light ?
ENTY:sport What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
ENTY:other What does it take to be a hero ?
NUM:date When was the first Barbie produced ?
ENTY:product What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
HUM:ind What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
LOC:other What is the tallest building in Japan ?
DESC:desc What is different about the red and black fox ?
NUM:count How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
ENTY:termeq What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
ENTY:food What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
HUM:ind Who painted Mother and Child ?
LOC:city What city has the zip code of 35824 ?
HUM:ind Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
NUM:dist How long is the Columbia River in miles ?
LOC:"other Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?"
ENTY:cremat What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
NUM:count How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
DESC:manner How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
ENTY:color What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
LOC:other What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
HUM:ind Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
ENTY:other What are the two houses of the Legislative branch ?
ENTY:other What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
NUM:money What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
DESC:def What is an antigen ?
ENTY:"sport What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?"
DESC:def What is tyvek ?
NUM:date What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
DESC:def What is fibromyalgia ?
DESC:reason Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
NUM:weight How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
HUM:ind Who lived in the Neuschwanstein castle ?
HUM:ind What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
NUM:money How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
LOC:country What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
LOC:country What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
LOC:other What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
DESC:"def What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?"
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
HUM:ind Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
HUM:ind What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
HUM:"ind What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?"
HUM:"title When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?"
DESC:manner How can I get started in writing for television ?
LOC:other Where do apple snails live ?
HUM:ind Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
LOC:other What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
ENTY:body The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
LOC:other What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
DESC:"def What is deadrise , nautical , ?"
NUM:temp What is the temperature for cooking ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
DESC:reason Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
ENTY:other What does it take to become a lawyer ?
DESC:def What is Nitrox diving ?
DESC:def What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
HUM:ind What French ruler was defeated at the battle of Waterloo ?
HUM:ind Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
DESC:manner How is the element strontium purified ?
ENTY:dismed What is the most common cancer ?
HUM:ind Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
ENTY:"cremat What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?"
DESC:manner How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of music ?
ENTY:body What are the main blood vessels ?
DESC:def What does palindromic mean ?
NUM:period How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
ENTY:termeq What is Latin for incompetent ?
ENTY:substance What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
DESC:"desc What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?"
DESC:manner How can you be happy ?
NUM:count How many times more than 3
HUM:ind Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
ENTY:food What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
HUM:ind Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
ENTY:cremat What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
HUM:ind Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
ENTY:other What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
DESC:def What is white chocolate ?
NUM:count How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
DESC:def What is prepared mustard ?
LOC:state What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
DESC:def What is a Guild ?
LOC:country What country did Ponce de Leon come from ?
DESC:def What is an annotated bibliography ?
ENTY:cremat What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
NUM:other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
HUM:ind What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
ENTY:dismed What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
ENTY:cremat In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
ENTY:sport What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
HUM:ind Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
LOC:country What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
NUM:count How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
NUM:count How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
LOC:other Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
DESC:def What are antacids ?
NUM:period How old is Stevie Wonder ?
HUM:ind Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
DESC:def What is genocide ?
HUM:ind Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
ENTY:food What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
ENTY:animal Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
HUM:ind Who developed the Macintosh computer ?
ENTY:animal What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
HUM:ind Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
NUM:period At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
DESC:desc What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
ENTY:word What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
NUM:date What year did Montana become a state ?
NUM:"money How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,"
ENTY:currency What currency does Luxembourg use ?
NUM:perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
NUM:date What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
DESC:def What is diabetes ?
HUM:ind What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
DESC:reason Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
LOC:country What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
LOC:city What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
DESC:def What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
HUM:gr What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
LOC:city What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
LOC:other Where are the 49 steps ?
LOC:city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
ABBR:exp What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
HUM:ind Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
NUM:count How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
NUM:count How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
HUM:"title What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?"
NUM:date What date is Boxing Day ?
HUM:ind Who created Maudie Frickett ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
DESC:manner How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
DESC:"def What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?"
DESC:def What is quicksilver ?
HUM:desc Who was Confucius ?
ENTY:animal What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
NUM:count How many islands does Fiji have ?
DESC:def What is Greek pita ?
ENTY:body What is the softest part of the body ?
NUM:"count How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?"
DESC:def What is habeas corpus ?
DESC:manner How is cologne made ?
LOC:other What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
NUM:date What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
HUM:ind Who is the owner of CNN ?
ENTY:other What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
HUM:ind What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
DESC:reason What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
HUM:ind Who is the Voyager project manager ?
HUM:ind What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
DESC:desc What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
NUM:date What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
HUM:"ind Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady "
HUM:ind What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
NUM:dist What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
LOC:country What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
NUM:date When was President Kennedy shot ?
NUM:perc What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
ENTY:other What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
ENTY:product What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
LOC:other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
NUM:"other What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?"
ENTY:food What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
DESC:def What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
ENTY:other What format was the major competition of VHS ?
HUM:ind Who invented the slinky ?
HUM:"gr Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?"
ENTY:other What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
NUM:count How many muscles does an oyster have ?
HUM:ind Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
HUM:ind Who killed Caesar ?
NUM:date When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
ABBR:"exp What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?"
DESC:def What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
HUM:ind Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
HUM:ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
LOC:other Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
HUM:ind Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Persia ?
DESC:manner How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
NUM:count How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
DESC:reason Why in tennis are zero points called love ?
ABBR:exp What does I.V. stand for ?
LOC:other Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
LOC:other Where can one find Mozambique ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
DESC:def What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
NUM:dist How deep is a fathom ?
LOC:other Where is Ocho Rios ?
ENTY:cremat What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
HUM:ind What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
LOC:other What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
DESC:reason What is the S&P 500 used for ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
HUM:"ind Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?"
HUM:ind What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
DESC:manner How did Janice Joplin die ?
DESC:reason Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
ENTY:sport What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
ENTY:lang What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
LOC:other Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
HUM:ind Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
LOC:other Where is the biggest bell ?
DESC:def What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
LOC:"other Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?"
NUM:perc What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a college and a university ?
ENTY:cremat What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?
HUM:ind Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
DESC:"reason What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?"
NUM:date When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
NUM:count How many people live in Chile ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
DESC:def What is sound ?
ENTY:substance What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
ENTY:other What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
NUM:count How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
HUM:gr What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
NUM:dist How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
HUM:ind What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
HUM:ind Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 
HUM:title What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
NUM:money What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
NUM:count How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
LOC:country What country has problems with hooligans ?
HUM:gr What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
NUM:count How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
HUM:ind Who invented the game bowling ?
NUM:count How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
DESC:desc What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
ENTY:other What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
HUM:gr What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
ENTY:plant What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
NUM:count How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
HUM:gr What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
ENTY:plant What plants are found in an estuary ?
NUM:count How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
DESC:reason Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
ENTY:other What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of parasites ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
NUM:money What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
ENTY:cremat On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
DESC:desc What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
DESC:reason Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
LOC:other Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
HUM:desc Who is Edmund Kemper ?
HUM:gr What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
NUM:period How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
NUM:date When was the first liver transplant ?
LOC:city What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
ENTY:substance What alloy do copper and tin form ?
ENTY:animal What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
HUM:"ind Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?"
ENTY:"event What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?"
NUM:dist How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
ENTY:termeq What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
DESC:manner How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
NUM:"other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
ENTY:"food What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?"
DESC:manner How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
HUM:"ind Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?"
DESC:def What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
NUM:dist How far can a man travel in outer space ?
DESC:reason For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
DESC:def What is a green bog ?
NUM:count How many people live in the Falklands ?
ENTY:food What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
DESC:def What is poliomyelitis ?
DESC:def What does the word fortnight mean ?
HUM:ind Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
DESC:manner How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
ENTY:animal Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
DESC:def What is an Angelus ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of shadows ?
HUM:title What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
NUM:date When does menstruation begin ?
DESC:def What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
HUM:ind What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
HUM:ind Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
NUM:"count What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?"
ENTY:plant What plant is rum made from ?
ENTY:food What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
HUM:ind What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
HUM:"ind Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?"
NUM:count How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
LOC:other Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
NUM:date In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
ABBR:exp What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
DESC:def What is splatterpunk ?
DESC:def What is Java ?
HUM:ind What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
LOC:other Where is Mozambique located ?
NUM:perc What percentage of the body is muscle ?
LOC:other Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
ABBR:exp What does IQ stand for ?
LOC:other Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
ENTY:product Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
DESC:manner How do you identify prime numbers ?
LOC:country What country boasts the most dams ?
DESC:def What is proposition 98 about ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
LOC:other What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
ENTY:other What are the two types of twins ?
HUM:ind Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
LOC:city What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
NUM:temp What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
LOC:other Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
DESC:desc What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
HUM:"ind What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?"
DESC:manner How do you make a paintball ?
NUM:count How many varieties of apple are there ?
ENTY:event What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
DESC:manner How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
ENTY:termeq What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
LOC:state What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
DESC:desc Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
DESC:def What is a rhomboideus minor ?
HUM:ind What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
HUM:gr What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
HUM:gr Who made the first airplane ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of worms ?
HUM:ind Who did Doris Day mean when she said 
ENTY:event What concerts are held in New York this week ?
ENTY:other What format was VHS 's main competition ?
LOC:"other What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?"
NUM:count How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
LOC:other Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
DESC:manner How do I tie a tie ?
DESC:reason What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
DESC:desc What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
ENTY:event What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
NUM:date When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
HUM:ind Who told all in Ball Four ?
NUM:volsize How big is a baby bald eagle ?
LOC:other What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
LOC:city What is the capital of California ?
LOC:city The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
DESC:reason What makes a tornado turn ?
DESC:desc What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
ENTY:color What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
LOC:state What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
DESC:manner How do you fix squeaky floors ?
NUM:date When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
ENTY:termeq What is another name for vitamin B1 ?
DESC:def What is the Lost Colony ?
NUM:money What debts did Qintex group leave ?
HUM:ind Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
DESC:def What is Linux ?
LOC:country What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
LOC:state What French province is cognac produced in ?
ENTY:dismed What does a chiropodist treat ?
HUM:ind Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
NUM:date When was Christ born ?
HUM:ind Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
ENTY:other What scale measures earthquakes ?
ENTY:"product What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?"
HUM:ind Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
NUM:date When did the neanderthal man live ?
DESC:manner How do you find the area of a circle ?
ENTY:animal What is the fastest fish in the world ?
ENTY:other What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts 
ENTY:termeq What 's another name for aspartame ?
LOC:state What states do not have state income tax ?
DESC:desc What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
DESC:def What is hypnotherapy ?
LOC:other Where did the ukulele originate ?
LOC:other Where are diamonds mined ?
DESC:desc What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
HUM:gr What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
DESC:manner How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
ENTY:animal What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
DESC:def What are amphibians ?
HUM:ind Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
LOC:other What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
HUM:ind Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
DESC:reason What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
NUM:money What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
HUM:ind Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
ENTY:food What do bats eat ?
LOC:"country What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?"
HUM:gr Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
HUM:ind Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
LOC:other What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
HUM:ind Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
NUM:money How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
DESC:manner How can someone become a federal agent ?
DESC:reason What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
LOC:city What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
HUM:ind What is the most popular last name ?
HUM:gr What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
DESC:def What is epilepsy ?
HUM:ind What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
HUM:ind What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
DESC:def What does the name Kelly mean ?
HUM:ind Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
ENTY:cremat Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
NUM:date What geological time do we live in ?
LOC:country What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
NUM:money What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
ABBR:exp What does NASA stand for ?
NUM:count How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
HUM:ind What is the name of a Greek god ?
LOC:other What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
ENTY:other What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
DESC:def What does the word terrorism mean ?
HUM:ind Which U.S.A. president appeared on `` Laugh-In '' ?
DESC:def What is metabolism ?
LOC:country What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
HUM:ind What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
NUM:date What year was Mozart born ?
ENTY:cremat What tale has the moral 
ENTY:event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
ENTY:other In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
ENTY:"cremat Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in ."
LOC:country What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
NUM:money How much was a ticket for the Titanic ?
HUM:gr What was called the world 's largest department store ?
DESC:"desc What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?"
NUM:date What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
ENTY:substance What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
ENTY:dismed What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
NUM:dist How far away is the moon ?
HUM:gr What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
NUM:count How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
HUM:ind What actor said in A Day at the Races 
DESC:reason Why is the grass green ?
NUM:count How many teats does a female goat sport ?
LOC:state What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
DESC:def What is the Milky Way ?
DESC:reason What is Jane Goodall known for ?
LOC:other Where is the Kalahari desert ?
HUM:title What is her profession ?
DESC:manner How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
DESC:manner How does psorisis disappear ?
LOC:other What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
HUM:gr What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
HUM:ind What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
DESC:desc What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
DESC:reason Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
DESC:def What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
NUM:speed How fast can a Corvette go ?
LOC:other What are all the rivers in Europe ?
LOC:other What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
NUM:date When did the art of quilting begin ?
ENTY:other What does a heliologist study ?
LOC:other What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
HUM:ind Who founded the Unification Church ?
HUM:ind What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
NUM:count How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
ENTY:other What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
NUM:count How many liberty bells have there been ?
ENTY:substance What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
LOC:country What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is known by what other name ?
NUM:period What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
DESC:"reason What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?"
ENTY:cremat Jude Law acted in which film ?
NUM:count How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
NUM:date When did the Carolingian period begin ?
LOC:city What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
NUM:count How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
ENTY:dismed What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
DESC:"reason What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?"
HUM:gr The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
NUM:count How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
NUM:period How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep ?
ENTY:sport What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of cold ?
ENTY:color What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
ENTY:food What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
ENTY:cremat What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
NUM:dist What is the length of the coastline of the state of Alaska ?
HUM:"ind What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?"
HUM:gr What is the best distance education university or college ?
HUM:ind What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
DESC:manner How do I tie dye clothes ?
DESC:def What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
ENTY:substance What fuel do airplanes use ?
HUM:gr Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
ABBR:exp What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
ENTY:"termeq How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?"
DESC:reason Why is hockey so violent ?
LOC:city What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
NUM:volsize What is the size of the largest akita ?
NUM:weight What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
HUM:desc Who was Picasso ?
NUM:other What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
LOC:other What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
NUM:"count In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?"
ENTY:food What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
NUM:"money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?"
LOC:other Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
ENTY:animal What predators exist on Antarctica ?
DESC:def What is semolina ?
NUM:date What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
ENTY:techmeth What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
DESC:manner How do windmills work ?
ENTY:animal What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sourness ?
NUM:count How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
ENTY:animal What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
DESC:def What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
NUM:count How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
LOC:other What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of stings ?
LOC:country What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
LOC:state What province is Edmonton located in ?
HUM:ind Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
LOC:"other Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?"
HUM:ind What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
ENTY:letter What is the alphabet for Latin ?
NUM:"money How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?"
NUM:date When did Amtrak begin operations ?
ENTY:other What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
ENTY:substance What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
HUM:gr Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
DESC:reason What causes blue balls ?
HUM:"gr What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?"
ENTY:cremat What is the longest-running television series ?
HUM:ind Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
HUM:"ind What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?"
ENTY:product What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
HUM:ind Who invented television ?
DESC:manner How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
ENTY:body What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
HUM:ind What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
HUM:ind What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
NUM:money How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
NUM:period How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
DESC:"reason Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?"
NUM:other What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
ABBR:exp What does the acronym NASA stand for ?
DESC:reason Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
DESC:"desc What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?"
NUM:other What is the population of Australia ?
HUM:ind Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
NUM:date When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
DESC:manner How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
DESC:"manner How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?"
LOC:other What are some good fractal web sites ?
HUM:gr What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
DESC:def What is chromatology ?
ENTY:animal What are the animals that don 't have backbones called ?
NUM:period How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
NUM:other What is the sales tax rate in New York ?
HUM:ind Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
DESC:def What is infomatics ?
LOC:other What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
DESC:reason Why are haunted houses popular ?
HUM:ind Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
DESC:reason Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
DESC:def What is the Milky Way ?
LOC:city Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
LOC:other Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
DESC:reason Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
DESC:reason Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
HUM:ind Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
DESC:manner How can I stop or slow down aging ?
NUM:period How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
LOC:city What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
DESC:desc What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
NUM:date When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
ABBR:"exp When reading classified ads , what does EENTY "
ENTY:termeq What is the colorful Korean traditional dress called ?
LOC:other Where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
NUM:date When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
LOC:other What are the largest deserts in the world ?
LOC:other Where is the Orinoco River ?
LOC:state What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
ENTY:other What four forms does gold occur in ?
HUM:ind What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
LOC:state In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
NUM:dist How far is London UK from California ?
ENTY:letter What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
DESC:def What is literary criticism ?
NUM:date What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
HUM:ind Who said 
HUM:ind Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
NUM:date When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
LOC:other Where 's the GUM department store ?
ENTY:other What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
HUM:ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
DESC:def What is a bone marrow transplant ?
DESC:def What was The Living Room War ?
HUM:ind What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
NUM:date What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?
NUM:date When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
DESC:manner How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
LOC:country What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
LOC:other What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
HUM:ind Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
LOC:other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
LOC:country What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
DESC:reason What causes asthma ?
NUM:count How many cullions does a male have ?
HUM:ind Who invented the game Scrabble ?
ENTY:other What does a deltiologist collect ?
LOC:other Where are the Union Stockyards ?
ENTY:product Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
ENTY:food What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
LOC:other Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
DESC:def What is pandoro ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the Bible ?
ENTY:dismed What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
ENTY:"other What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?"
DESC:def What is making love ?
DESC:def What is diabetes ?
HUM:ind What is a person called that likes fire ?
HUM:ind Who directed Citizen Kane ?
HUM:ind Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
HUM:gr Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
LOC:city What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
ENTY:animal What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
DESC:reason What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
HUM:"ind What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?"
DESC:"def What was archy , and mehitabel ?"
LOC:other Where was George Washington born ?
LOC:other Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
ENTY:"other What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?"
DESC:def What does the donation process entail ?
NUM:count How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
DESC:manner How can I find online spelling ?
NUM:count How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
ENTY:other What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
NUM:date When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
HUM:ind Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
DESC:manner How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
ENTY:food Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
DESC:manner How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
HUM:title What position did Willie Davis play in baseball ?
NUM:date When was Babe Ruth born ?
HUM:ind Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
ENTY:"food What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?"
ENTY:product What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
LOC:other What is the website for the USA journal ?
NUM:count How many liters in a gallon ?
DESC:desc What happened to Answers.com ?
ENTY:food What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
HUM:ind What American composer wrote the music for `` West Side Story '' ?
LOC:country What country did the Nile River originate in ?
ENTY:food What do river otters eat ?
NUM:date When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
DESC:def What is limbo ?
HUM:ind Name Alvin 's brothers
NUM:date What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
HUM:ind Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
ENTY:symbol What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
LOC:state What state is Mount McKinley in ?
ENTY:sport What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
LOC:city What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
NUM:date What year was the ATM first introduced ?
LOC:country What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
NUM:count How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of machinery ?
HUM:gr Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
LOC:city What United States city produces the most oil ?
ENTY:food What did brontosauruses eat ?
LOC:country What country owns Corsica ?
ENTY:"termeq What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?"
DESC:manner How is Answers.com funded ?
HUM:"ind Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?"
HUM:ind What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
HUM:ind President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
LOC:city The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
HUM:ind What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
HUM:gr What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
LOC:other What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
DESC:def What is a glory hole ?
NUM:count How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
LOC:country What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
ENTY:other What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
DESC:def What is the Hub of London ?
NUM:count How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
ENTY:event What age followed the Bronze Age ?
DESC:def What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
LOC:other Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
DESC:def What is the definition of cosmology ?
DESC:def What does idle mean ?
ENTY:other What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
NUM:count How many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ?
NUM:date When did North Carolina enter the union ?
DESC:desc What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
DESC:manner How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
DESC:def What is autism ?
HUM:ind Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
HUM:gr What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
HUM:"ind Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?"
DESC:def What is hebephrenia ?
NUM:date What year did WWII begin ?
LOC:other Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
LOC:city What is the most populated city in the world ?
ABBR:exp What does IBM stand for ?
LOC:state Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
ENTY:product What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
LOC:other Where is McCarren Airport ?
LOC:other Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
LOC:other What river is Windsor Castle on ?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
DESC:def What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
ENTY:"event What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?"
HUM:"gr What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?"
LOC:other What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
ENTY:termeq What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
ENTY:other What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
DESC:def What is fiber in food ?
HUM:ind What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
DESC:"manner How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?"
NUM:money What is the federal minimum wage ?
NUM:count How many objects orbit the Earth ?
NUM:other What was Einstein 's IQ ?
DESC:manner How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
HUM:ind What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
DESC:def What is time ?
ENTY:termeq What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
LOC:"other What river runs through Rowe , Italy ?"
DESC:desc What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
HUM:ind Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
LOC:mount What is the world 's highest peak ?
LOC:"city What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?"
HUM:ind Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
HUM:ind Who killed John F. Kennedy ?
DESC:desc What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a professional map drawer ?
HUM:ind What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
HUM:gr What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
HUM:gr What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
NUM:count How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
ENTY:other What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
LOC:other Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
LOC:other What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
DESC:def What is the virus HIV ?
LOC:country What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
HUM:desc Who is Duke Ellington ?
DESC:def What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
LOC:other Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
NUM:money How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
ENTY:instru What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
NUM:date What year did the United States abolish the draft ?
DESC:desc What do economists do ?
ENTY:other What does a philatelist collect ?
DESC:manner How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
DESC:reason From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
HUM:ind Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
NUM:period What is the average time to kiss somene ?
NUM:money How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
DESC:desc What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
ABBR:exp What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
ENTY:animal What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own ?
HUM:"ind What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?"
HUM:"ind Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?"
NUM:date What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
HUM:ind Who won World War II ?
HUM:ind Who is the tallest man in the world ?
HUM:gr What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
HUM:"ind Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?"
HUM:ind What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
NUM:temp What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
NUM:count How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
LOC:other What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
ENTY:other What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
HUM:ind What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
LOC:country What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
ENTY:termeq What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said 
DESC:reason What causes rust ?
NUM:count How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry 
ENTY:animal What is the proper name for a female walrus ?
HUM:desc Who is Colin Powell ?
HUM:ind Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
ENTY:cremat What Aesop 's fable has the moral 
LOC:other Where is Guam ?
ABBR:exp What is SAP ?
DESC:manner How was the ACLU formed ?
NUM:temp How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
HUM:ind Who is the father of the computer ?
HUM:ind What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
DESC:manner How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
ENTY:other Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
HUM:ind Who invented Trivial Pursuit ?
DESC:manner How does it make its colors ?
ENTY:termeq What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
NUM:other What is the melting point of gold ?
HUM:ind Whose first presidential order was 
ENTY:other Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
NUM:money What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
DESC:def What does cc in engines mean ?
HUM:gr What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
NUM:date What year did the U.S. buy Alaska ?
HUM:ind What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
ENTY:cremat What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
LOC:state What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
DESC:def What is probability theory ?
HUM:ind Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
LOC:city Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
NUM:period How old was George Washington when he died ?
ABBR:exp What does CPR stand for ?
LOC:other What are some good medical sites for information ?
NUM:"dist How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , MO ?"
HUM:gr What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
HUM:ind What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
ENTY:animal What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
HUM:ind Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
HUM:desc Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
ABBR:abb What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
DESC:desc What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
LOC:other What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
NUM:count How many pins are used in skittles ?
ENTY:sport What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
ENTY:animal What is the scientific name for elephant ?
ENTY:animal What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?
HUM:ind Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
DESC:desc What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
HUM:ind Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
ENTY:animal What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
HUM:ind What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
NUM:count How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
HUM:ind What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
LOC:country What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
HUM:ind Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
ENTY:other What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
NUM:period How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
LOC:other Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
LOC:other Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
NUM:"money Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?"
HUM:ind Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
NUM:count How many Americans have HIV ?
ENTY:food What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
NUM:count How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
DESC:desc What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
DESC:def What is a phalanx ?
ENTY:animal What is a group of frogs called ?
ENTY:other What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
LOC:other What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
NUM:count How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
DESC:reason What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
LOC:mount What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
LOC:other Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
ENTY:food What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
DESC:reason What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
NUM:"count How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?"
ENTY:veh What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
NUM:"weight What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?"
DESC:def What is neuropathy ?
NUM:date What century does Captain Video live in ?
LOC:city What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
NUM:dist How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
HUM:ind What English queen had seventeen children ?
DESC:"def What does caliente mean , in English ?"
NUM:code What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
NUM:weight What is the average weight of a Yellow Labrador ?
DESC:def What is the definition of a cascade ?
ENTY:other What kind of science is cosmology ?
DESC:desc What 's the state motto of California ?
DESC:manner How is silk screening done ?
DESC:def What was the Chivington Massacre ?
ENTY:termeq What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
LOC:other Where was the first golf course in the United States ?
NUM:count How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
HUM:ind Who is the president of Stanford University ?
NUM:count What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
ENTY:cremat What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
DESC:def What is Doegs ?
DESC:def Define cosmology .
HUM:ind Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
HUM:ind What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
NUM:date What time of year has the most air travel ?
ENTY:"lang What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?"
LOC:"other What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?"
LOC:country What nation boarders Mozambique ?
HUM:ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
NUM:count How many websites are there in the world ?
NUM:dist How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
HUM:ind Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
ENTY:veh What is the name of William Penn 's ship ?
ENTY:event What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
HUM:desc Who is Desmond Tutu ?
DESC:"desc What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?"
HUM:ind What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
HUM:ind Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
NUM:other What is the population of Ohio ?
HUM:ind Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
ENTY:cremat Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
HUM:ind Name a female figure skater .
HUM:ind What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
DESC:reason Why do magnets attract ?
HUM:desc Who was Jinnah ?
NUM:dist How wide is the Milky Way galaxy ?
ENTY:animal Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
LOC:other What are some mythology websites ?
ENTY:event What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
DESC:def What is osmosis ?
ENTY:animal What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
LOC:country What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
ENTY:"food What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?"
NUM:dist How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of going to bed ?
HUM:ind Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
NUM:count How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
ENTY:cremat What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
HUM:ind What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
HUM:desc Who is William Wordsworth ?
LOC:other On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
HUM:"ind Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' ."
HUM:gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
ENTY:dismed What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
DESC:manner How do you throw a housewarming party ?
ENTY:cremat What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
HUM:"ind What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?"
ENTY:animal What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
DESC:reason How come light bulbs go out ?
NUM:count How many milligrams are in a gram ?
ENTY:"event What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?"
LOC:"other What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?"
NUM:count What is the world population as of today ?
HUM:title What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
ENTY:cremat What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
HUM:gr Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
HUM:ind What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
HUM:ind Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
DESC:desc What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
NUM:other What is the frequency of VHF ?
NUM:period How long does a dog sleep ?
ABBR:exp What is RCD ?
HUM:ind What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
HUM:ind Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
LOC:other Where is your corpus callosum ?
DESC:reason Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
DESC:manner How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
LOC:state What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
ENTY:color What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
NUM:date In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
NUM:dist How tall was the animated Frankenstein
LOC:other Where are the British crown jewels kept ?
DESC:manner How do I find a snowboarding website ?
ENTY:other What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
HUM:ind What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
LOC:country What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
HUM:ind Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
DESC:manner How do microwaves work ?
NUM:count How many meters are in a mile ?
LOC:city Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
DESC:def What is cryptography ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
ENTY:cremat Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
LOC:"country What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?"
ENTY:"dismed What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?"
LOC:other Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
HUM:ind Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
HUM:ind Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
DESC:manner How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
LOC:other What strait separates North America from Asia ?
LOC:other Where is the Taj Mahal ?
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
HUM:ind Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
DESC:reason What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
NUM:"money What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?"
HUM:ind Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
HUM:ind What character narrates Treasure Island ?
DESC:manner How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
HUM:gr What civilization invented the arch ?
NUM:count What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
NUM:date In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
DESC:reason Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
DESC:def What are polymers ?
LOC:country What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
NUM:perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
ENTY:"cremat What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' ."
LOC:"other What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?"
NUM:period Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
DESC:def What is the definition of hazmat ?
DESC:def What are Fortune 500 companies ?
HUM:ind Who won the Superbowl in ?
HUM:gr What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
HUM:ind What President once told Gene Autry 
ENTY:substance What is the birthstone of October ?
HUM:ind Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
HUM:ind Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
NUM:count How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
HUM:ind Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
HUM:ind Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
DESC:def What is `` flintknapping '' ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
NUM:date When did they canonize the Bible ?
NUM:count How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
NUM:count How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
DESC:reason What makes you fat ?
LOC:other Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
ABBR:exp What does NECROSIS mean ?
DESC:desc What effect does a prism have on light ?
ABBR:exp What does VCR stand for ?
HUM:ind Who was the first American to walk in space ?
ENTY:cremat What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
LOC:other Where is the Eiffel Tower ?
ENTY:other What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
DESC:def What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
DESC:def What is witch hazel ?
LOC:other Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?
HUM:"ind Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?"
HUM:ind What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
DESC:desc What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
HUM:ind What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
HUM:ind Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
HUM:gr What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
DESC:reason What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
NUM:date When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
NUM:dist How high is the city of Denver ?
NUM:other What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
ENTY:other What cards are bullets ?
HUM:ind Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
ENTY:other What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
HUM:ind Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
DESC:reason Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
DESC:def What is paracetamol ?
NUM:count How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
DESC:def What is a drought ?
ENTY:food What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
NUM:other What is the world 's population ?
NUM:count How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
ENTY:cremat What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
LOC:city What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
NUM:money What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
HUM:ind Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
NUM:count How much iron is in your body ?
DESC:def What is a pyrotechnic display ?
ENTY:word What six words follow the line 
DESC:manner How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
DESC:"desc What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?"
HUM:ind Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
DESC:manner How can I find out my biorhythm ?
ENTY:word What is the plural of gulf ?
HUM:gr What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
HUM:ind Who was the first American world chess champion ?
NUM:date When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
ENTY:other What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
DESC:desc What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
NUM:date What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
DESC:def What is the C programming language ?
HUM:ind Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
ENTY:other What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
HUM:ind What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
HUM:ind Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
NUM:perc What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
HUM:desc Who is Count Cinzano ?
NUM:count How many different types of skunks are there ?
NUM:count How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
DESC:desc What was the proper Laugh-In respones to 
HUM:gr What is the best art and design school in the world ?
ENTY:termeq What do the Japanese call Japan ?
ENTY:cremat What are the first ten amendements passed ?
DESC:def What is osteichthyes ?
NUM:date When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
LOC:other Where does Mother Angelica live ?
HUM:gr What is the best college in the country ?
LOC:state What state is the Filenes store located in ?
ABBR:exp What does BTU mean ?
HUM:ind Who invented silly putty ?
LOC:country What countries earn the most from tourism ?
ENTY:other What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
NUM:date When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
ENTY:cremat What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
DESC:"desc What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?"
ENTY:other What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
HUM:gr What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
DESC:reason Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
HUM:"gr What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''"
LOC:other Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
NUM:count How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
NUM:count How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
LOC:city What city is Logan Airport in ?
DESC:def What is an earthquake ?
DESC:reason Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
NUM:count How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
NUM:date When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
DESC:def What is a urologist ?
LOC:state What province is Montreal in ?
HUM:ind Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
DESC:reason What is Colin Powell best known for ?
LOC:other Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
HUM:"ind Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?"
HUM:gr What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
HUM:gr What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
DESC:def What are Quaaludes ?
LOC:state What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
DESC:manner How do telephones work ?
DESC:def What is the definition of low island ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of the computer called ?
LOC:other Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
ENTY:lang What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
ABBR:exp What does CPR stand for ?
HUM:ind Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
LOC:other Where is Inoco based ?
DESC:manner How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
NUM:date When are sheep shorn ?
HUM:ind What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
ENTY:food What does a tarantula eat ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
ENTY:other What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
DESC:def What does Ouija mean ?
ENTY:substance What is a mirror made out of ?
DESC:manner How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
LOC:other Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
NUM:date When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
HUM:ind What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
DESC:def What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
LOC:"other Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?"
ENTY:termeq How do you say 2 in Latin ?
HUM:ind What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
LOC:other Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
DESC:reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
DESC:desc What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
DESC:desc What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
HUM:ind What creative genius said 
LOC:other Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
DESC:reason Why are so many umbrellas black ?
NUM:money How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
HUM:ind Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
NUM:money How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
NUM:dist What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
ENTY:other What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
ENTY:cremat Name four comic strips about pilots .
NUM:date When did Nixon visit China ?
NUM:period How long do flies live ?
ENTY:lang What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
DESC:def What are the cookies in Internet ?
ENTY:other What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
DESC:def What are the seven virtues ?
HUM:ind Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
NUM:date What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
NUM:count How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
DESC:desc What happens to used motor oil ?
LOC:other Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
HUM:ind What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
DESC:def What is a Jake brake ?
DESC:def What is vertigo ?
HUM:ind Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
ENTY:"other At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?"
ENTY:dismed For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
DESC:reason Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
HUM:ind Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of speaking ?
ENTY:"dismed What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?"
DESC:reason What causes tuberculosis ?
HUM:ind What president also became a supreme court justice ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
DESC:desc What is done with worn or outdated flags ?
DESC:desc What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
ENTY:body Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
DESC:manner How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
DESC:manner How can I get someone 's email address ?
DESC:desc What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
NUM:dist How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of night or darkness ?
ENTY:color What colors make up a rainbow ?
HUM:gr What is the name of the chocolate company in San Francisco ?
HUM:ind Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
NUM:count How many neurons are in the human brain ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of fur ?
DESC:def What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
HUM:gr What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
HUM:ind Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
HUM:ind What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
ENTY:substance What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
LOC:city What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
LOC:city What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
ABBR:exp What is DSL ?
ENTY:product What was the first satellite to go into space ?
ENTY:cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
DESC:manner How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
NUM:count How many species of sharks are there ?
NUM:"perc Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?"
ENTY:food What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
HUM:ind What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
LOC:city What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
HUM:ind Who was the first person to study the stars ?
NUM:count How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
HUM:gr What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
LOC:other Where did makeup originate ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
HUM:ind Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
DESC:manner How do you use an intranet ?
LOC:country What country contains the highest point in South America ?
HUM:title What does Larry King do for a living ?
ENTY:food What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
HUM:ind What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
ENTY:cremat What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
LOC:country What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
HUM:ind Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
NUM:date When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
HUM:ind What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
NUM:count How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
DESC:desc What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
HUM:ind Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
HUM:ind Who was the first person to reach the North Pole ?
ENTY:"food What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?"
NUM:count How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
HUM:"ind What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?"
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of color ?
ENTY:food What do penguins eat ?
NUM:money How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
DESC:desc What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
NUM:money What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
LOC:country What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
DESC:manner How do they find an epicenter ?
HUM:ind Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
HUM:gr What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
DESC:"reason Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?"
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of rejection ?
NUM:date What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
DESC:reason What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
DESC:def What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
HUM:ind What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
DESC:def What does `` saute '' mean ?
DESC:reason What is the esophagus used for ?
DESC:def What are coral reefs ?
DESC:def What is Australia Day ?
NUM:count How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
NUM:"count How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?"
HUM:gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
NUM:period What is the life span of the average monkey ?
LOC:other Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
DESC:desc What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
ENTY:animal What are the snakes of New England ?
ENTY:"dismed What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?"
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of home surroundings ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of touching ?
ENTY:plant What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
DESC:desc What is the root of all evil ?
HUM:"gr What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?"
HUM:"ind What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?"
HUM:ind Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
DESC:reason What causes an earthquake ?
HUM:ind What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
NUM:date When did the Jurassic Period end ?
NUM:date What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
ENTY:substance What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
ENTY:substance What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?
ENTY:termeq What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
LOC:"other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?"
NUM:other What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
LOC:other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
ENTY:food Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
DESC:def What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
DESC:"def What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?"
ENTY:animal Name four famous cartoon cats .
ENTY:other What is November 's birthstone ?
ENTY:cremat What is a film starring Jude Law ?
HUM:ind What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
DESC:def What is die-casting ?
ENTY:"cremat What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?"
LOC:country What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
ENTY:"animal Which came first , according to Genesis 1 "
DESC:def What are enzymes ?
DESC:manner How do Ouija Boards work ?
ENTY:body What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?
DESC:def What is hypertext ?
NUM:count How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
LOC:other Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
LOC:other Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
HUM:ind What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
ENTY:animal What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
HUM:gr What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
HUM:ind Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
NUM:count How many varieties of twins are there ?
DESC:manner How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
HUM:title What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
NUM:count How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
NUM:"date When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?"
HUM:"ind What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?"
LOC:other Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
DESC:def How is thalassemia defined ?
HUM:gr What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
LOC:other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
HUM:desc Who was Damocles ?
HUM:ind What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
DESC:reason Why is the mile 528 feet ?
NUM:date In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
HUM:ind Who invented the toothbrush ?
LOC:state What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sleep ?
HUM:ind What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
HUM:ind Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
NUM:count How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
HUM:ind Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
NUM:date In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
DESC:def Hazmat stands for what ?
LOC:city What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
DESC:manner How can you become an FBI agent ?
DESC:def What is a thyroid ?
DESC:manner How does a bill become law ?
NUM:count How many pounds in a ton ?
HUM:ind Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
LOC:other Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
NUM:count How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
NUM:count How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
DESC:reason Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
ENTY:"event What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?"
NUM:count How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
LOC:country What country 's capital is Tirana ?
NUM:date When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
LOC:other What 's the most common street name in America ?
ENTY:symbol What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
ENTY:food What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
HUM:ind Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
DESC:reason What causes gray hair ?
HUM:ind Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
HUM:ind Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
HUM:ind What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
ENTY:food What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
LOC:other What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
DESC:desc What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
ENTY:product What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
DESC:reason Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
NUM:date When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
HUM:ind Whose old London come-on was 
HUM:desc Who is Stein Eriksen ?
DESC:reason What made Jane Goodall famous ?
LOC:city What Canadian city has the largest population ?
LOC:mount What is the tallest mountain ?
NUM:ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
HUM:ind Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
ENTY:cremat What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
HUM:ind Which of these are authors ?
DESC:reason Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
LOC:country What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
HUM:ind What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
NUM:"other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?"
DESC:manner How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
NUM:count How many different vegetation zones are there ?
DESC:manner How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
ENTY:other What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
NUM:count How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
NUM:date When was Dick Clark born ?
LOC:other Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
NUM:count How many sides does a heptagon have ?
NUM:period How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
DESC:def What does the name Shawn mean ?
LOC:country What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
ENTY:other What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
NUM:period How old is Jeremy Piven ?
DESC:desc What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
NUM:count How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
HUM:title What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
NUM:date When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
LOC:other Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
ENTY:other What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
DESC:manner How do you make a million bucks ?
LOC:other What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
DESC:reason Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
HUM:ind Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
LOC:other What planet gave bith to Superman ?
ENTY:cremat What novel has Big Brother watching ?
HUM:ind Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
ENTY:lang Name a Sioux language .
HUM:ind Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?
NUM:date What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
DESC:def What does the name Calder mean ?
NUM:period How old is the universe ?
LOC:other What attracts tourists to Reims ?
LOC:city What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
HUM:desc Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
ABBR:exp What does SHIELD stand for ?
HUM:ind Who sought to create The Great Society ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
LOC:other What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
LOC:mount What is the highest peak in Africa ?
DESC:def What is a meerkat ?
NUM:date When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
NUM:other What is the population of Japan ?
LOC:"country What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?"
DESC:manner How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
HUM:desc Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
HUM:ind What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
LOC:country What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
ENTY:other What are the components of polyester ?
ENTY:substance What is the second hardest substance ?
NUM:count How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
NUM:weight How many pounds are there in a stone ?
HUM:ind What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
DESC:reason What makes popcorn pop ?
DESC:def What is dianetics ?
DESC:desc What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
DESC:reason What causes someone to be ticklish ?
ENTY:product What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
LOC:country What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
DESC:def What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
DESC:def What is a panic disorder ?
ENTY:sport What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
HUM:gr Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
LOC:other What continent is Bolivia on ?
DESC:def What is a cullion ?
DESC:manner How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
NUM:date What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
LOC:country What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
LOC:country What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
LOC:other Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
DESC:def What is agent orange ?
LOC:city The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
NUM:count How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
DESC:def What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
HUM:ind Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
DESC:reason What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
DESC:"def What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?"
ENTY:"cremat What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?"
DESC:manner How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
HUM:ind Who designed London Bridge ?
DESC:"reason What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?"
NUM:count How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
LOC:city Which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterity with Los Angeles ?
HUM:ind What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
LOC:other What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
NUM:period What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
ENTY:animal What type is a snail ?
DESC:manner How do anti-locking brakes work ?
HUM:ind Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
HUM:ind Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
NUM:count How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
ENTY:food What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
HUM:ind What was J.F.K. 's wife 's name ?
NUM:period What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
LOC:other What lake is Sheboygan on ?
NUM:money How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
LOC:city What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
ENTY:sport What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
LOC:other Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
ENTY:food What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
ENTY:cremat What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
LOC:country What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
DESC:desc Where did marijuana come from ?
ENTY:cremat Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
HUM:ind What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
HUM:ind In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
DESC:def What does N est-ce pas mean ?
NUM:count How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
HUM:gr Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
HUM:"ind What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?"
ENTY:lang What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
ENTY:product What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
NUM:count How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
LOC:other Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
DESC:manner How is Paraguay for vacations ?
HUM:ind Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV ?
LOC:mount Where are the Rocky Mountains ?
HUM:ind Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
ENTY:termeq What are the spots on dominoes called ?
LOC:other In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
ENTY:product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
HUM:ind Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
HUM:ind Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
ENTY:sport What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
LOC:city What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
ENTY:animal What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
HUM:ind Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
HUM:ind Who was the architect of Central Park ?
HUM:ind Who is the worst US President ever ?
HUM:ind What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
ENTY:other What can one see in Reims ?
ENTY:food Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
ENTY:food What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
NUM:"date On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?"
ENTY:cremat Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
DESC:def What is the nature of learning ?
HUM:ind Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
ENTY:cremat What is the best-selling book of all time ?
NUM:count How many questions are on this thing ?
NUM:count How often are brain cells replaced ?
NUM:dist What is the depth of the Nile river ?
HUM:ind Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
DESC:def What are ethics ?
ENTY:other What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
LOC:other What continent is Egypt on ?
LOC:mount Which mountain range in North America stretches from Maine to Georgia ?
DESC:def What was the Long March in China ?
DESC:def What is The Gay Science ?
NUM:volsize How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
ENTY:"sport What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?"
HUM:"ind What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?"
HUM:gr What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
NUM:"count How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?"
NUM:count How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
HUM:ind Silly putty was invented by whom ?
ENTY:other What monastery was raided by Vikings in the late eighth century ?
DESC:desc What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
ENTY:"animal What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?"
DESC:desc What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
LOC:"other What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?"
DESC:def What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
LOC:other What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
LOC:other What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
ENTY:other What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
NUM:money What is the regular price ?
LOC:mount What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
LOC:country What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
DESC:def What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
NUM:count How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
LOC:mount What is New England 's highest mountain ?
HUM:ind What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
DESC:def What is sonar ?
HUM:ind What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
DESC:desc What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
HUM:ind What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
LOC:other Where does dew come from ?
ENTY:lang What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
NUM:count How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
LOC:state What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
ENTY:techmeth What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
LOC:city What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
NUM:other What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
ENTY:word What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
ENTY:food What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
HUM:ind Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
ENTY:dismed What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
ENTY:termeq What is a synonym for aspartame ?
HUM:ind What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
HUM:ind Who followed Caesar ?
NUM:date What is the first day of the week ?
DESC:def What is typhoid fever ?
ENTY:cremat What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
HUM:ind What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
DESC:def What is Spumante ?
DESC:manner How can I trace my family roots ?
LOC:city What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
NUM:date What 's the first day of the week ?
ENTY:cremat Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
HUM:ind What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
HUM:"ind What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?"
ENTY:techmeth What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
NUM:period How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
HUM:ind What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
HUM:gr Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
ENTY:food Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
DESC:def What is Teflon ?
ENTY:food What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
HUM:ind What World War II leader declared 
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for Texas ?
NUM:perc What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
DESC:def What is a First World country ?
DESC:desc What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
DESC:def What is ethylene ?
HUM:ind Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
LOC:other What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
DESC:def What is goulash ?
NUM:date When did Hawaii become a state ?
NUM:date When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
HUM:ind What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
NUM:"money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?"
ENTY:substance What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
DESC:def What is acetic acid ?
DESC:reason What were the causes of the Civil War ?
LOC:country What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
HUM:gr What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
DESC:def What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
HUM:ind Who is the Queen of Holland ?
DESC:manner How did Asia get its name ?
LOC:state What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
LOC:city Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
DESC:desc What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
DESC:reason Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
LOC:other Where is Romania located ?
HUM:ind Who owns CNN ?
ENTY:food Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
ENTY:animal What 's the official animal of Canada ?
LOC:country What are the Nordic nations ?
ENTY:cremat What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
ENTY:animal What is the name given to a group of geese ?
LOC:state What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
ENTY:"animal What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?"
HUM:"ind Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?"
DESC:def What is a prism ?
ENTY:cremat What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
NUM:count How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
LOC:other What is the street address of the White House ?
HUM:ind What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
ENTY:cremat What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
NUM:count How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
ENTY:"cremat What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?"
NUM:count How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
LOC:"other What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?"
DESC:desc What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
HUM:ind The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
HUM:title What is the oldest profession ?
HUM:ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
HUM:ind Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers ?
HUM:desc What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
HUM:ind What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
DESC:def What is saltpeter ?
HUM:ind What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
DESC:def What is a Canada two-penny black ?
NUM:count How many endangered species are there in the world ?
DESC:def What are pomegranates ?
NUM:date What day and month did John Lennon die ?
DESC:reason What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
NUM:count How many maids were milking ?
DESC:manner How do you tell somebody you like them ?
NUM:count How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
ENTY:food What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
DESC:desc What does a defibrillator do ?
LOC:other Where is Windsor Castle ?
ENTY:cremat What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
DESC:manner How is digital audio used ?
ENTY:event The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
NUM:count How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
ENTY:termeq What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
DESC:def What are pediatricians ?
NUM:count How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
HUM:ind Who is the Antichrist ?
HUM:ind Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
HUM:desc Who is Coronado ?
ENTY:animal What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
HUM:gr In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
NUM:period What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
DESC:def What is a tsunami ?
LOC:"other Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?"
LOC:other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
DESC:manner How was the element calcium named ?
ENTY:food What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
LOC:other On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
HUM:"ind What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?"
HUM:ind Who invented the telephone ?
HUM:ind Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
NUM:money How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
DESC:desc What can be done about snoring ?
HUM:gr Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
DESC:reason Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
HUM:ind What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
DESC:manner How does lightning travel ?
NUM:period How old is Benny Carter ?
NUM:date When was the USSR dissolved ?
HUM:ind Who invented Astroturf ?
ENTY:cremat What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
LOC:other What is the largest museum in the world ?
LOC:other Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
ENTY:product What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
HUM:ind Who invented the fax machine ?
DESC:manner How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
LOC:other What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
ENTY:cremat What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
ENTY:techmeth What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
HUM:gr Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
ENTY:food Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
ENTY:cremat What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
NUM:date When was the Battle of Hastings ?
LOC:other What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
ENTY:"other What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?"
HUM:title What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
ENTY:plant Material called linen is made from what plant ?
NUM:other What is the population of China ?
NUM:count How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
NUM:dist How deep is a fathom ?
DESC:def What is Smartnet ?
NUM:other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
NUM:"dist How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?"
DESC:manner How do I do this ?
HUM:ind What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
HUM:ind What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
ABBR:exp What does BUD stand for ?
ENTY:other What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between hair and fur ?
ENTY:"cremat What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?"
LOC:state What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
HUM:ind What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
LOC:"other What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?"
HUM:ind Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
ENTY:color What color is `` ash '' ?
ENTY:sport What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
HUM:ind What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
DESC:def What is leukemia ?
LOC:city In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
DESC:def What is a biosphere ?
LOC:country What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
HUM:gr What organization has a Security Council ?
ENTY:cremat What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
ENTY:termeq What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
ENTY:dismed Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
ENTY:animal What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
DESC:desc Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
ENTY:other What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
NUM:money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
DESC:def What is nuclear power ?
ENTY:cremat What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
ENTY:substance What are super balls made of ?
ENTY:other What tools do you use to crewel ?
LOC:city What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
LOC:country Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty ?
ENTY:other Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
ENTY:food Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
DESC:manner How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
NUM:period How old is Bernadette Peters ?
NUM:count How many states have a lottery ?
LOC:country What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
DESC:desc What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
LOC:city What is California 's capital ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of lice ?
LOC:other In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
HUM:gr What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
DESC:def What is cache memory ?
DESC:def What was the Vietnam War ?
ENTY:other What is the sales tax in Minnesota ?
NUM:money What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
LOC:city What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
HUM:ind What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
DESC:manner How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
ENTY:cremat What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
HUM:ind What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
DESC:desc What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
HUM:ind What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
LOC:state What state did Helen Keller call home ?
HUM:ind Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
NUM:count How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
NUM:date In what year was the Wall built ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
NUM:date What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
LOC:other What was known as the Spice Island ?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
ENTY:plant What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
HUM:ind What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
HUM:ind What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
ENTY:cremat What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
ENTY:event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
HUM:ind Who was president in 1913 ?
NUM:period How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
ENTY:animal What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the hymn `` Amazing Grace '' ?
HUM:ind Who invented the road traffic cone ?
LOC:country What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
DESC:desc What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
DESC:"desc What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?"
HUM:ind Who were the five Marx brothers ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
HUM:ind What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
NUM:date In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
NUM:count How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
HUM:ind What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
LOC:other What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
LOC:other Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
DESC:desc What are the seven deadly sins ?
ENTY:word What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
LOC:country What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
LOC:other Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
HUM:ind What was Mao 's second name ?
LOC:other Where is the Mall of the America ?
DESC:def What does verdandi mean ?
ENTY:word What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
LOC:other Where is Perth ?
ENTY:other What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
DESC:manner How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
ENTY:food What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
HUM:ind Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
ENTY:techmeth What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
HUM:ind What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
LOC:other Where did George of the Jungle live ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
NUM:date When was Queen Victoria born ?
HUM:ind Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
NUM:count How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
DESC:def What is June 's birthstone ?
LOC:other Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
DESC:def What is the Home Rule Act ?
HUM:ind What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
ENTY:cremat What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
ENTY:cremat What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
DESC:desc Where do chihuahuas come from ?
NUM:date When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
LOC:country Which country did Hitler rule ?
NUM:count How many people in the world speak French ?
DESC:reason What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
NUM:dist How tall is the Matterhorn ?
ENTY:"cremat What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?"
LOC:other Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
NUM:count How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
NUM:date In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
HUM:"ind What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?"
HUM:"ind What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?"
HUM:desc Who was Santos-Dumont ?
ENTY:food What snack food has ridges ?
HUM:ind What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
NUM:speed How fast does the fastest car go ?
NUM:count How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
DESC:reason Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
HUM:gr What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
ABBR:exp What does RCA stand for ?
NUM:date What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
LOC:"other Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?"
NUM:date What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
NUM:"dist What is the elevation of St. Louis , MO ?"
ENTY:product What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
LOC:other Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
LOC:city What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
DESC:def What is the Internet2 ?
ENTY:techmeth What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
NUM:count How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
ENTY:cremat What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
DESC:desc What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
LOC:state What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
NUM:count How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of thank you notes ?
ENTY:event What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
ENTY:"veh What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?"
NUM:period What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Algeria ?
NUM:dist How far away is the moon ?
ENTY:"cremat What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?"
LOC:other Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
ENTY:"animal In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?"
HUM:ind Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg 
ENTY:food What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
LOC:country What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
HUM:gr What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
ENTY:letter What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
DESC:desc What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
NUM:other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
NUM:ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
ENTY:event What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
DESC:def What is acupuncture ?
ENTY:techmeth What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
NUM:date What year did Hitler die ?
NUM:count The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
DESC:manner How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
LOC:city What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
HUM:ind Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
DESC:reason Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
DESC:"reason Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?"
HUM:gr Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
DESC:manner How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
DESC:manner How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
LOC:city What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
DESC:manner How do you buy stocks ?
ENTY:veh Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
ENTY:cremat What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
HUM:ind What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
LOC:other Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
HUM:ind Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
DESC:def What does hazmat stand for ?
ENTY:currency What is the money they use in Zambia ?
NUM:period How old was Elvis Presley when he died ?
HUM:ind Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
DESC:desc What are the current immigration laws in US ?
LOC:city What city did the Flintstones live in ?
ENTY:instru What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
ENTY:other What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
DESC:"def What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''"
LOC:other What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S. ?
ENTY:other What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
DESC:def What is Wimbledon ?
DESC:"desc What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?"
NUM:perc What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
ENTY:other What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
ABBR:exp What does JESSICA mean ?
HUM:gr What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
NUM:period How old is Britney Spears ?
DESC:def What is a heuristic ?
DESC:def What are pathogens ?
DESC:def What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
NUM:perc What is the percentage of water content in the human body ?
ENTY:cremat What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
HUM:ind What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?
DESC:"reason What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?"
NUM:perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
ENTY:other What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
HUM:ind Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
LOC:other What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
ENTY:food What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
NUM:count How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
LOC:other Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
ENTY:color What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
ABBR:exp What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
HUM:ind Who killed Gandhi ?
ENTY:termeq What is a 2-sided object called ?
ENTY:animal What animals can live the longest without food ?
ENTY:cremat What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
DESC:def What are hook worms ?
DESC:def What is usenet for the Internet ?
ENTY:other What are the seven wonders of the world ?
LOC:other What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
DESC:def What does `` Sitting Shiva '' mean ?
DESC:manner How did names come about ?
HUM:"ind What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?"
ENTY:techmeth What do sailors use to measure time ?
ENTY:body What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
LOC:"state What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?"
NUM:other What does 7847+5943 equal ?
ENTY:lang What 's the official language of Algeria ?
NUM:count What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
LOC:country Which country has the most water pollution ?
HUM:ind Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
ENTY:other Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
ENTY:event What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
ENTY:"animal In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?"
ENTY:techmeth What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
HUM:"ind What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?"
LOC:other Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
LOC:other What is the principal river of Ireland ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
LOC:city What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
ENTY:sport What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
DESC:def What does laser stand for ?
LOC:state What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
ENTY:body What are the names of the different toes ?
LOC:"other Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?"
LOC:other Where are the Haversian canals ?
HUM:ind Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
LOC:country What country is Mount Everest in ?
HUM:ind Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
DESC:def What is bandwidth ?
NUM:date When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
ENTY:lang What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
NUM:period How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
NUM:date When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
HUM:ind What New Orleans D.A. claimed 
HUM:ind What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
LOC:state What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
NUM:date In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
ENTY:other What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
HUM:ind Who invented the lawnmower ?
NUM:count How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
LOC:mount What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
HUM:ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
NUM:perc What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
HUM:ind What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
DESC:manner How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Australia ?
ENTY:food What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
NUM:other How loud is thunder ?
DESC:reason Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
HUM:"ind Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?"
LOC:city What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
ENTY:food What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
NUM:count How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
DESC:manner How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
NUM:speed How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
LOC:country What nationality is Gorbachev ?
LOC:other Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
ENTY:dismed Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
DESC:def What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
ENTY:cremat What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
DESC:def What is a horologist ?
NUM:dist How tall is the Sears Building ?
ENTY:other What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
DESC:def What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
LOC:city What are the twin cities ?
NUM:date When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
DESC:def What is idealab ! ?
HUM:ind Who created Harry Lime ?
ABBR:exp What does LOL mean ?
ENTY:cremat What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
DESC:def What is swap math ?
ENTY:"animal Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN ."
NUM:count How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
ENTY:other What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
NUM:date When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
NUM:count How many bones are there in the human hand ?
NUM:dist What is the diameter of a golf ball ?
DESC:reason Colin Powell is famous for what ?
DESC:desc What was the importance of Magellan ?
NUM:count How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
ENTY:termeq What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
NUM:date In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
HUM:"ind Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?"
ENTY:other What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
DESC:def What is sodium chloride ?
ABBR:exp CNN is an acronym for what ?
ENTY:lang What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
ENTY:food What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
ENTY:other What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
ENTY:"word Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats ."
HUM:ind Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
ENTY:substance What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
HUM:ind What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
HUM:ind What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
DESC:def What is a leper ?
NUM:date What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
DESC:desc What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
ENTY:other What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
NUM:ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
HUM:gr What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
ENTY:other Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
DESC:def What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
LOC:country What country has the port of Haifa ?
NUM:date What year did the Titanic start on its journey ?
NUM:date What year was the Mona Lisa painted ?
ENTY:other What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
NUM:date When did the American Civil War end ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
LOC:other Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
NUM:count How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
NUM:count How many people are there in the world ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
NUM:other What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
DESC:def What is e-commerce ?
ENTY:animal What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
HUM:ind What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
ENTY:termeq What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
NUM:count How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
NUM:other What is the population of Venezuela ?
NUM:other What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
ENTY:veh What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
HUM:ind What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
LOC:other Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
ENTY:animal What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
HUM:ind What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
LOC:city What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
ENTY:"sport What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?"
DESC:desc What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
DESC:def What is schizophrenia ?
ENTY:food What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
ABBR:exp What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
HUM:ind Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
NUM:count How many corners does a spritsail have ?
ENTY:animal What is New York 's state bird ?
ENTY:cremat What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
LOC:other Where is Hitler buried ?
DESC:manner How did Rocky Marciano die ?
HUM:ind Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
NUM:weight What is the average weight for a man ?
ENTY:termeq What do the French call La Manche ?
ENTY:"product Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?"
LOC:other Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
HUM:"ind What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?"
DESC:desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
NUM:count How many people died on D-Day ?
LOC:"city What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?"
HUM:gr Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
DESC:"desc What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?"
DESC:def What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
DESC:def What is Megan 's law ?
HUM:ind What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
HUM:ind What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
LOC:other What is the largest lake in North America ?
HUM:ind What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
HUM:desc Who was Monet ?
DESC:def What is the largest variety of cactus ?
HUM:ind What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
LOC:country What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
ENTY:other What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
HUM:ind Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
ENTY:animal What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
DESC:desc What happened to Pompeii ?
NUM:"period The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?"
HUM:desc Who is Zebulon Pike ?
LOC:country What country is the largest diamond producer ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
HUM:ind Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
HUM:gr What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
DESC:def What is naproxen ?
ENTY:other What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
HUM:ind What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
ENTY:cremat What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
DESC:def What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
ENTY:food What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
ENTY:animal What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
LOC:country What is the smallest country in Africa ?
ENTY:letter What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
LOC:country What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
LOC:country What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
LOC:country What are the Benelux countries ?
NUM:"date When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?"
NUM:count How many people have been Captain America ?
HUM:gr What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
ENTY:other What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
LOC:other Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
HUM:gr What company produces Spumante ?
DESC:manner How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
LOC:other Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
NUM:dist How deep is a fathom ?
DESC:def What is bio-diversity ?
DESC:manner How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
LOC:other What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
ENTY:"termeq What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?"
HUM:ind Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
HUM:gr What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?
DESC:def What is compounded interest ?
HUM:gr What did Jesse Jackson organize ?
HUM:ind What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
LOC:other Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
HUM:ind Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
LOC:other Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
NUM:date During which season do most thunderstorms occur ?
HUM:ind Who were the Picts ?
NUM:date When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
HUM:ind Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
DESC:desc What is the secret of the universe ?
DESC:reason Why was Curious George curious ?
DESC:manner How do you make the color purple ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
NUM:other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
DESC:def What is a Cartesian Diver ?
ENTY:substance What gasses are in the troposphere ?
HUM:ind Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
LOC:state What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
ENTY:sport What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
DESC:def What is the highest Roman numeral ?
NUM:money How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
LOC:other What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
ENTY:word What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
ENTY:other What is the source of natural gas ?
NUM:count How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
ENTY:color What color is Chablis ?
ENTY:cremat What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
LOC:"other What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?"
NUM:date When did Nixon die ?
NUM:date When was Yemen reunified ?
DESC:def What is cryogenics ?
DESC:manner How did the tradition of best man start ?
NUM:code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
NUM:date What year did Canada join the United Nations ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?
DESC:"manner In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?"
NUM:speed How fast do cheetahs run ?
DESC:manner How do you recognize anorexia ?
LOC:other What are the seven seas ?
DESC:manner How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
ENTY:termeq What is Chiricahua the name of ?
HUM:ind What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
ENTY:animal What is a baby turkey called ?
ENTY:color What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of Jesus ?
ENTY:cremat What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
HUM:ind Name 11 famous martyrs .
DESC:desc What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
HUM:gr What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
ENTY:cremat What did Thomas Paine write ?
NUM:count How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
HUM:"ind Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?"
HUM:ind Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
NUM:date When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
HUM:ind Who was the abolitionist who led the raid on Harper 's Ferry in 1859 ?
DESC:manner How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
NUM:count How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
DESC:desc What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
ABBR:exp What does S.O.S. stand for ?
DESC:def What is a storm surge ?
DESC:manner How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
LOC:city What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
LOC:"other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?"
LOC:"other Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?"
HUM:ind Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
LOC:"country What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?"
NUM:money What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
NUM:volsize How big is the Electoral College ?
ENTY:other What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 
DESC:def What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
NUM:period How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
ENTY:body What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
ENTY:veh What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
NUM:count How many people own pets ?
ENTY:animal What do peacocks mate with ?
HUM:gr What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
HUM:ind What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
ENTY:animal What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
DESC:def What is hydroelectricity ?
DESC:reason What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
LOC:country What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
ENTY:"other What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?"
DESC:def What is titanium ?
NUM:count How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
LOC:country What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
LOC:other What county is Chicago in ?
LOC:state What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
NUM:count How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
LOC:"country What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?"
NUM:money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
LOC:city What city had a world fair in 1900 ?
LOC:other What are Canada 's two territories ?
ENTY:dismed What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
HUM:ind Who killed Martin Luther King ?
HUM:"ind Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?"
NUM:count How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
LOC:city What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
ENTY:techmeth What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in Texas ?
DESC:def What are platelets ?
NUM:count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
DESC:manner How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
DESC:def What is a firewall ?
ENTY:body Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
HUM:ind Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
HUM:gr What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of money ?
ENTY:other What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
DESC:def What is an ecological niche ?
ENTY:food What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
DESC:def What is a bourdon tube ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
LOC:other Where is Amsterdam ?
LOC:other What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
ENTY:"cremat What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''"
ENTY:cremat Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
HUM:ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
NUM:money How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
DESC:"reason Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?"
LOC:other Where is John Wayne airport ?
HUM:ind What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
LOC:other Where was Poe born ?
HUM:ind Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
HUM:desc Who is Desmond Tutu ?
ENTY:other What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
DESC:def What is `` dew point '' ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
HUM:ind Who discovered electricity ?
DESC:reason Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
NUM:count How many sides does an obelisk have ?
DESC:desc What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
ENTY:other Which of the five senses develops first ?
LOC:other Where 's Montenegro ?
ABBR:exp What does the acronym CPR mean ?
DESC:def What is osteoporosis ?
ENTY:event In what war was the first submarine used ?
ENTY:sport What sport is played on the largest field ?
ENTY:other What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
ENTY:food Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
ENTY:instru What instrument did Glenn Miller play ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
HUM:gr What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
HUM:ind What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
HUM:ind Who is the actress known for her role in the movie `` Gypsy '' ?
ENTY:"cremat What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?"
LOC:country What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
NUM:other What was Einstein 's IQ ?
DESC:desc What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
HUM:desc Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
LOC:other In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
HUM:desc Who is Samuel Pickering ?
ENTY:food What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
ENTY:sport What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
ABBR:abb What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
LOC:other What ocean is the largest in the world ?
ENTY:food What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the plane Lindbergh flew solo across the Atlantic ?
NUM:count How many quarters equal a pound ?
NUM:period How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
HUM:"ind What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?"
DESC:def What is a philanthropist ?
LOC:other Where is Ayer 's rock ?
LOC:country What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
DESC:manner How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
HUM:gr What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
DESC:def What are sunspots ?
ENTY:food What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
LOC:country What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
HUM:ind Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
DESC:def What is Toulmin logic ?
NUM:date When was the first Wal-Mart store opened ?
DESC:reason What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
NUM:count How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
DESC:manner How do I give a good massage ?
LOC:other In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
ENTY:other What determines the value of the pearl ?
ENTY:veh What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
DESC:manner How do you make dumplings ?
NUM:ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
HUM:ind Who is a German philosopher ?
ENTY:instru What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
ENTY:food What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
NUM:date When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
HUM:gr Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
DESC:manner How does a hurricane form ?
ENTY:other What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
HUM:ind Who is the premier of China ?
LOC:state Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
HUM:ind Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of hair ?
DESC:def What is pneumonia ?
LOC:other What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
ENTY:animal What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
ENTY:termeq What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
LOC:other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
DESC:desc What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
ENTY:other What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
DESC:manner How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
LOC:country What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
HUM:ind What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
DESC:def What else has the swastika stood for ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of robbers ?
ENTY:cremat What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
DESC:manner How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
NUM:period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
NUM:date When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
HUM:"ind What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?"
ENTY:color What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
ABBR:exp What is LMDS ?
NUM:date When will the millennium officially begin ?
HUM:ind Who penned 
HUM:desc Who is Johnny Carson ?
ENTY:other What does a spermologer collect ?
NUM:count How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
LOC:other Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
ENTY:color What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
HUM:"ind Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?"
DESC:desc What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
HUM:gr What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
HUM:ind What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
DESC:manner How was the Kennedy money made ?
HUM:ind What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
NUM:money What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
ENTY:substance What are fingernails made of ?
DESC:reason What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
LOC:other Where is Los Vegas ?
HUM:ind Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
NUM:date In what year was the cannon invented ?
ENTY:other Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
LOC:other Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
NUM:period How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
NUM:count How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
LOC:city McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
HUM:ind What U.S. Congressman said 
ENTY:animal What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
HUM:ind What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
NUM:count How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
DESC:def What is the Socratic method ?
LOC:other What are the largest breweries in the world ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in Germany ?
DESC:manner How were the days of the week named ?
DESC:def What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
NUM:count What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
ENTY:"substance What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?"
ENTY:cremat What songs were popular in 1948 ?
DESC:manner How do birds have sex ?
LOC:other What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
DESC:def How can you define time ?
ENTY:symbol What playing card symbolizes death ?
NUM:period How long is human gestation ?
DESC:def What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
HUM:ind Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
LOC:state What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
ENTY:event What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
HUM:ind Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
DESC:def What is the half-life of P-32 ?
ENTY:veh In what spacecraft did U.S. astronaut Alan Shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?
HUM:ind What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
LOC:country What country has the highest arson rate ?
ENTY:animal What is a group of turkeys called ?
DESC:def What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
NUM:"date What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''"
DESC:reason Why are the ears your center of balance ?
ENTY:cremat What film was Jude Law in ?
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
ENTY:instru Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
DESC:def Define the Pheonix Club ?
HUM:desc Who was Jane Goodall ?
ENTY:color What is your favorite color ?
DESC:def What is the chunnel ?
DESC:def What is Ursa Major ?
HUM:title What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is also called what ?
DESC:desc What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
DESC:desc What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
NUM:count About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
ENTY:other What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
DESC:manner How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
DESC:def What are shooting stars ?
ENTY:other What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
DESC:desc What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
DESC:def What is a hydrogen bond ?
HUM:ind What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
LOC:other Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
NUM:money What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
NUM:period How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
DESC:manner How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
HUM:ind Who is the leader of India ?
DESC:def What are solar cells ?
HUM:ind Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
ENTY:other What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
LOC:city What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
NUM:date What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
ENTY:cremat What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
DESC:def What is carbon dioxide ?
NUM:count How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
LOC:city What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
HUM:ind Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
LOC:other Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
DESC:reason What is the cause of endangered species ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of clouds ?
ENTY:"other What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?"
NUM:speed What is the speed of light ?
ENTY:dismed What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
LOC:other Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
NUM:date What year did the Titanic sink ?
HUM:ind Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
DESC:desc What good are mosquitoes ?
DESC:reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
NUM:date When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President ?
NUM:date When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
NUM:date When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
LOC:other Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
LOC:city What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
HUM:ind Who was the first governor of Alaska ?
LOC:country What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
ABBR:exp What is the full name of the PLO ?
ENTY:other What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
ENTY:other What constitutes an adult ?
ENTY:dismed What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
HUM:"ind Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?"
NUM:date What is the busiest air travel season ?
HUM:ind What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
DESC:def What 's a water funnel ?
ENTY:veh What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?
DESC:def What is severance pay ?
ABBR:"exp What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?"
ENTY:product What was the name of the first U.S. satellite sent into space ?
DESC:def What are dingoes ?
NUM:date When was Hurricane Hugo ?
DESC:desc What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
ENTY:other What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
LOC:country In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
HUM:ind What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
LOC:country What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
ENTY:sport What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
NUM:date The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
DESC:desc What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
ENTY:cremat What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
NUM:count How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of punishment ?
DESC:def What is an atom ?
NUM:count How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
ENTY:animal What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
DESC:def What are the Baltic States ?
NUM:money How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
HUM:gr What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
DESC:desc What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
NUM:ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
DESC:def What is deconstructionism ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
DESC:def What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
LOC:mount What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
HUM:ind What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
HUM:ind What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
DESC:def What is the Kashmir issue ?
ENTY:"dismed What is a fear of odors , body , ?"
HUM:ind What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was 
HUM:ind Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
DESC:def What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
ABBR:abb What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
ENTY:event What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
HUM:ind What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
LOC:other Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
DESC:manner How do I find out about jobs ?
ENTY:food What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
ENTY:food What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
HUM:gr What baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?
DESC:reason Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
NUM:count How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
DESC:def What is humidity ?
HUM:ind Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
DESC:def What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
LOC:other What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
HUM:ind Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
ENTY:other What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
ENTY:other What do bicornate animals have two of ?
ENTY:food What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
DESC:def What is neurology ?
LOC:other Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
DESC:def What is a parasite ?
DESC:manner How do I write to my Congressman ?
ENTY:food What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
NUM:other What is the population of Nigeria ?
ENTY:product What is the fastest computer ?
ENTY:sport What is the most popular sport in Japan ?
LOC:mount What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
ENTY:animal What 's an infant seal called ?
NUM:date What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
HUM:ind Who was the inventor of the stove ?
ENTY:event What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
HUM:ind Who is the Pope ?
ENTY:other What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
LOC:other Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
LOC:city What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
HUM:ind What doctor claimed in a 1946 book 
HUM:gr What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
DESC:desc What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
LOC:other Where are the National Archives ?
LOC:other Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
ENTY:religion In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
ENTY:sport What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
LOC:other Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
DESC:manner How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
NUM:speed How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
HUM:ind Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
LOC:"city In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?"
LOC:other Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
DESC:def What are spider veins ?
DESC:manner How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
DESC:reason What causes pneumonia ?
DESC:desc What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
ENTY:"food What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?"
HUM:ind Who patented the first phonograph ?
NUM:count How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
NUM:count How many questions do you have on your database ?
ENTY:cremat What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
DESC:desc What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
DESC:desc What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
DESC:reason What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
HUM:ind What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
LOC:city What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
LOC:other On what continent is Mozambique ?
ENTY:other What did Abolitionists try to end ?
HUM:ind Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
ENTY:cremat What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
NUM:count How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
HUM:gr What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
DESC:manner How did Edith Bunker die ?
DESC:def What is Candlemas Day ?
HUM:"ind Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?"
HUM:desc Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
LOC:city What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
HUM:ind What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of infinity ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of insanity ?
LOC:country What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
ENTY:cremat What did Aaron Hass write ?
HUM:ind Who invented the calculator ?
NUM:count How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
HUM:ind What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
DESC:def What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
ENTY:sport What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
LOC:other What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
ENTY:food What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
HUM:ind Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
LOC:state What U.S. state ends with a G ?
NUM:money What was the first minimum wage ?
NUM:date When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
DESC:manner How is energy created ?
LOC:state What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
HUM:ind Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
ENTY:event What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
ENTY:animal What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
ENTY:cremat What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
NUM:money What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
DESC:def What is lung cancer ?
ENTY:termeq What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
ENTY:techmeth What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
ENTY:cremat What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
DESC:reason Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
HUM:"ind What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''"
LOC:other Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
DESC:def What is a Mexican hairless ?
ABBR:exp What is HTML ?
NUM:date When was Algeria colonized ?
ENTY:cremat Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
HUM:ind What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
NUM:count How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
DESC:def What is bipolar disorder ?
LOC:city What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
LOC:other Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
ENTY:substance What is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
LOC:other Where do hyenas live ?
NUM:"date In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?"
NUM:other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
HUM:"ind Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?"
DESC:def What is angiotensin ?
DESC:def What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
ENTY:substance What is a golf ball made of ?
HUM:gr Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
ENTY:product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
DESC:manner How do you stop junk snail mail ?
LOC:mount What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
DESC:def What exactly is radiation ?
NUM:period For how long is an elephant pregnant ?
ENTY:substance What does saliva consist of ?
DESC:manner How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
DESC:desc What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
LOC:city What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
NUM:date What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
DESC:manner How does rabies spread ?
ENTY:cremat What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
DESC:def What is object-oriented design ?
ENTY:color What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
DESC:desc What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
DESC:manner How can I get rich quick ?
HUM:ind Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
NUM:date What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
ENTY:"veh What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?"
HUM:gr What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
HUM:"ind What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?"
HUM:gr Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
HUM:"ind Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?"
ENTY:techmeth What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
DESC:reason Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
NUM:count How many countries are there ?
DESC:manner How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
HUM:ind Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
DESC:def What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
DESC:desc What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
ENTY:sport What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
LOC:other Where is the Loop ?
HUM:ind Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
DESC:reason Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
LOC:other What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
ABBR:exp What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
ENTY:other What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
HUM:ind Who said 
DESC:def What does gringo mean ?
HUM:ind What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
NUM:count How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
HUM:ind What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
HUM:"ind Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?"
DESC:manner How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
LOC:other What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
NUM:count About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
DESC:desc Where did the term fireplug come from ?
HUM:ind Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
LOC:other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
ENTY:other What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
NUM:code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
ENTY:dismed What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as 
LOC:other Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
ENTY:body What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
NUM:date When was Thomas Jefferson born ?
ENTY:substance What is the Taj Majal made of ?
HUM:ind What classical Spanish writer warned 
HUM:gr What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
DESC:reason Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
LOC:country What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Uruguay ?
LOC:country What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
ENTY:cremat What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
LOC:other What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
ENTY:techmeth What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
LOC:other Where can one find Rider College ?
HUM:ind Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
HUM:"ind Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?"
HUM:ind Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
LOC:"country What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?"
LOC:other What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
HUM:desc Who is Robin Williams ?
DESC:"def What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?"
ENTY:instru Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
ENTY:termeq What 's a Craps player called ?
NUM:other What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
HUM:gr What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
LOC:state What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
ENTY:other What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
ENTY:termeq What is another name for nearsightedness ?
DESC:desc What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
DESC:desc What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
ENTY:animal What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
NUM:dist What is the width of a football field ?
LOC:city What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
HUM:gr What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
LOC:state What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?
NUM:"count How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?"
HUM:ind Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
DESC:def What does the term glory hole mean ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
DESC:"desc What is the origin of the word , JJ ."
ENTY:animal What is a female rabbit called ?
ENTY:"food What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?"
HUM:ind Who invented the hula hoop ?
LOC:"city What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?"
ENTY:veh Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
HUM:"ind Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?"
LOC:city What 's the capital of Iowa ?
HUM:ind Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
HUM:"ind Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?"
ENTY:"product What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?"
LOC:country Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
ENTY:other What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
HUM:ind Who is the governor of Alaska ?
NUM:period What age is Benny Carter ?
LOC:country What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
DESC:def What 's an auberge in France ?
LOC:"other Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?"
ENTY:techmeth What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
NUM:count How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters 
ENTY:word What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
ABBR:exp What does USPS stand for ?
HUM:title What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
HUM:"ind What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?"
HUM:ind Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
LOC:city The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
LOC:other Where is the Savannah River ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
HUM:ind Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
DESC:manner How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
ENTY:sport What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
HUM:ind What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
NUM:date When was the first flush toilet invented ?
LOC:other What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
DESC:manner How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
ENTY:"termeq What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?"
HUM:ind In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
DESC:def What is software piracy ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
LOC:other Where was the first restaurant ?
DESC:desc What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
LOC:other What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
DESC:"desc What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?"
HUM:ind Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
NUM:date What is the date of Mexico 's independence ?
LOC:city What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
LOC:other What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
ENTY:substance What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
HUM:ind Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
DESC:desc What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Italy ?
LOC:country What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
ENTY:sport What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
LOC:city What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
HUM:ind What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
ENTY:other What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
ENTY:other What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
NUM:other What is the population of the United States ?
NUM:date What is Susan B. Anthony 's birthday ?
NUM:count How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
LOC:state What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
ABBR:exp What does NASA stand for ?
NUM:count How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
DESC:def What is color ?
HUM:gr What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
DESC:"desc What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?"
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
HUM:ind Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
HUM:title What is Larry King 's occupation ?
DESC:manner How is an executioner determined ?
ENTY:cremat In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
LOC:state What are all the southern states of the United States ?
LOC:country What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
HUM:ind Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
HUM:ind What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
LOC:city What city is found in the city of OZ ?
LOC:other Where did Woodstock take place ?
NUM:count How many oceans are there and name them ?
HUM:"ind What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?"
LOC:"country What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?"
HUM:desc Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
HUM:ind Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
DESC:def What is viscosity ?
HUM:ind Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
NUM:date When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
DESC:"desc What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?"
ENTY:food What do flatfish eat ?
HUM:gr What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
DESC:manner How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
HUM:ind Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
NUM:count How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
NUM:date When was Nostradamus born ?
LOC:other Which continent has the most roses ?
ENTY:cremat What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
NUM:temp How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
HUM:ind Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
ENTY:animal What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
LOC:other What does the River Seine empty into ?
DESC:manner How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
LOC:other Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
ENTY:other What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
HUM:ind What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
NUM:date CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
ENTY:cremat What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
DESC:manner How do I start a web based business ?
ENTY:other What did Benny Carter play ?
NUM:date What year did the Andy Griffith show begin ?
NUM:money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
ENTY:cremat In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
ENTY:"cremat What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?"
LOC:other Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
HUM:ind What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of a car bra ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of glass ?
DESC:desc Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
HUM:"ind Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage ."
HUM:ind Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
ENTY:color What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
HUM:ind Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
DESC:reason Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
NUM:date When did beethoven die ?
HUM:"ind What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?"
NUM:count How many Great Lakes are there ?
HUM:"gr What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?"
DESC:reason Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
ENTY:dismed What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
ENTY:other What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
ENTY:cremat What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition 
ENTY:cremat What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
DESC:manner How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
LOC:other Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
ABBR:exp What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
HUM:ind Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel ?
HUM:ind Who invented the fountain ?
ENTY:animal Name a flying mammal .
NUM:date When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
LOC:other Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
LOC:country In what country is Lund ?
NUM:count How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
NUM:date When was the Big Thompson flood ?
ENTY:color What color are tennis balls ?
DESC:manner How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
DESC:desc What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
NUM:period What is the average age a horse lives ?
LOC:"other Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?"
LOC:other Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
DESC:def What does target heart rate mean ?
ENTY:food What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
DESC:def What are Maid-Rites ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
DESC:def What is object-oriented design ?
LOC:other Where did the Inuits live ?
HUM:ind Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
NUM:dist What is the world record for the longest hair ?
NUM:code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
DESC:def What was an `` Asiento '' ?
NUM:count How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
HUM:ind What is the most common name ?
DESC:def What is nicotine ?
DESC:reason What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
LOC:other Where is South Bend ?
NUM:count How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
ENTY:other What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
DESC:reason For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
NUM:perc What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
HUM:ind Who asked the musical question 
HUM:gr What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
DESC:"desc What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?"
HUM:ind What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
DESC:reason Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
HUM:ind What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
HUM:ind Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
ENTY:event What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
ENTY:other What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
NUM:other How often are quadruplets born ?
DESC:manner How does an abacus work ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
LOC:"other Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?"
HUM:ind Who did Dita Beard work for ?
LOC:other Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
NUM:count What is the current population for these countries 
LOC:country Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
ENTY:letter What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
ENTY:sport What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
ENTY:"sport What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?"
ENTY:event What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
DESC:def What is a swatch ?
HUM:gr What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
NUM:date When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
ENTY:substance What are cigarettes made of ?
ENTY:animal What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
ENTY:cremat What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
HUM:ind What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
NUM:volsize What is the size of Argentina ?
ENTY:sport What international sport was originally called hurley ?
NUM:period How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
DESC:desc What is the history of the hairdryer ?
NUM:other What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
NUM:date What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
ENTY:word What is the longest English word ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the atom ?
LOC:other Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
HUM:ind What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized 
ENTY:cremat Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
DESC:def What is the Moulin Rouge ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
LOC:other What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
DESC:reason What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
ENTY:cremat What does Knight Ridder publish ?
HUM:ind Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
HUM:ind Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
ENTY:other A corgi is a kind of what ?
ENTY:dismed What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
ENTY:word What English word has the most letters ?
ENTY:"word What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?"
DESC:desc What is the history of skateboarding ?
LOC:country What country will hit the year 2 first ?
LOC:other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of gravity ?
DESC:def What is pectin ?
DESC:manner How is saline used in medicine ?
DESC:desc What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
HUM:gr What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
DESC:"desc What is the origin of the word , magic ?"
NUM:count How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
LOC:country What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
NUM:other What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
HUM:ind Who invented the radio ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
DESC:def What is a portal ?
HUM:ind Who was the first man to return to space ?
ABBR:abb What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
DESC:desc What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
LOC:state What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
ENTY:cremat What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
ENTY:"other What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?"
ENTY:word What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
NUM:count How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
LOC:other Where is Trinidad ?
DESC:desc What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
ENTY:food What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
DESC:def What is peyote ?
ENTY:animal What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
DESC:manner How do you dunk ?
HUM:ind Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
DESC:manner How do you write a book report ?
DESC:reason Why did the chicken cross the road ?
DESC:def What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
DESC:def What is a tonne ?
ENTY:cremat What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
HUM:ind What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
ENTY:event What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
DESC:def What is a virtual IP address ?
DESC:desc What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
HUM:ind What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
DESC:reason Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
HUM:ind Who developed potlatch ?
LOC:other Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
DESC:manner How can I get a CCT diagram ?
NUM:"count How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?"
LOC:"other What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?"
ENTY:color What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
HUM:ind Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
HUM:ind What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
NUM:count How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
DESC:def What is narcolepsy ?
DESC:desc What is difference between a poster and a print ?
ENTY:other What keeps clouds in the air ?
HUM:gr Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
HUM:"ind Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?"
ENTY:other What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
ENTY:other What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
LOC:other Where do quality drinks begin ?
DESC:desc What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
DESC:manner How do movie blues screens work ?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
HUM:ind Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
NUM:speed What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby ?
HUM:ind Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
DESC:def Define Spumante .
LOC:other What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
NUM:code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
NUM:other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
DESC:reason Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
LOC:city What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
HUM:ind What is the name of Neil Armstrong 's wife ?
DESC:desc What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
HUM:gr Name a French fascist party .
DESC:manner How can I find out my Moon sign ?
HUM:title What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
ENTY:color What colors is magenta made of ?
NUM:date What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
ENTY:termeq What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
NUM:date When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
LOC:other Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
LOC:other What are the biggest Indian airports ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
LOC:other Where is Webster University ?
ENTY:event What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
NUM:count How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
LOC:other What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
HUM:ind What was Thatcher 's first name ?
DESC:reason What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
NUM:count How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
ENTY:other What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
LOC:"country What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP ."
ENTY:other Which gender has bigger thighs ?
LOC:country What countries have the best math students ?
HUM:ind Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
LOC:city What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being dirty ?
NUM:date When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
HUM:ind What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
HUM:ind Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
HUM:desc Who was Abraham Lincoln ?
LOC:other Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
LOC:other What square is the geographical center of London ?
NUM:date When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
LOC:other Where is Prince Edward Island ?
DESC:def What is a courier ?
DESC:def What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
ENTY:dismed What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
ENTY:animal What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
LOC:other Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
LOC:other What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
DESC:reason What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
HUM:gr What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
ENTY:other What did The Gas House Gang play ?
DESC:reason What are tonsils for ?
HUM:gr What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
LOC:city In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
ENTY:cremat What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
ENTY:event What was President Lyndon Johnson 's reform program called ?
LOC:city What city 's newspaper is called `` The Enquirer '' ?
ENTY:cremat In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
LOC:other What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
ENTY:"animal What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?"
DESC:reason What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
ENTY:cremat What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
HUM:ind What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
HUM:ind Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
HUM:gr What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
ENTY:"other What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?"
NUM:date On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
HUM:ind Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
HUM:ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
LOC:other What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
DESC:def Define Sinn Fein .
DESC:def What is ozone depletion ?
LOC:"other What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?"
NUM:date When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
NUM:count How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
NUM:count How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
NUM:date When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
DESC:def What is office automation ?
LOC:other Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
DESC:manner How does color affect a person psychologically ?
ENTY:word What is the longest word in the English language ?
HUM:ind Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
DESC:def What are manifest and latent function theories ?
DESC:manner How is the element strontium purified ?
DESC:def What is bangers and mash ?
NUM:date When did CNN go on the air ?
ENTY:animal Name a tiger that is extinct .
ENTY:cremat What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
DESC:manner How can you prevent it ?
LOC:other What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
HUM:ind Who invented Make-up ?
DESC:def What is porphyria ?
NUM:date When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
HUM:"ind Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?"
NUM:count How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
DESC:def What is the Immaculate Conception ?
DESC:def What is the Amish religion ?
HUM:ind What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
HUM:gr What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
HUM:ind Who made Stonehenge ?
ENTY:termeq What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
HUM:ind Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
NUM:date In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
DESC:def What is propylene glycol ?
NUM:count How many verses are in the Bible ?
DESC:manner How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
LOC:city What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
LOC:"other Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?"
ENTY:other What type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?
LOC:other Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
ENTY:other What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
HUM:ind What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
DESC:manner How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
DESC:manner How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
HUM:"ind Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?"
HUM:gr Who built the first pyramid ?
LOC:other What 's the longest river in Canada ?
LOC:city What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
HUM:ind Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
HUM:ind Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
NUM:count How many acres in a mile ?
NUM:dist What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
DESC:reason What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
ENTY:cremat Which is the most-used computer program ?
LOC:country What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
DESC:def What 's the Red Planet ?
LOC:other Where is the Isle of Man ?
NUM:count How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
ENTY:dismed What is foot and mouth disease ?
NUM:dist What is the earth 's diameter ?
DESC:def What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
DESC:def What is Sinn Fein ?
HUM:ind Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
ENTY:color What are the colors of the German flag ?
NUM:money How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
ENTY:other What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of reptiles ?
LOC:state What state has the most Indians ?
HUM:gr What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
LOC:other Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
NUM:speed How fast is light ?
HUM:ind What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
DESC:def What is relative humidity ?
HUM:ind Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
NUM:dist How tall is Prince Charles ?
LOC:other What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
DESC:reason What makes thunder ?
LOC:other What sea is Bombay on ?
ENTY:event What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
NUM:temp What is the temperature today ?
LOC:other What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
ENTY:animal What is the largest snake in the world ?
DESC:def What is Srpska Krajina ?
DESC:def What is caffeine ?
NUM:date On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
HUM:ind Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
ENTY:sport What sport is known for hooligans ?
ENTY:symbol What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
LOC:other Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
HUM:ind Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
ENTY:product What was the most popular toy in 1957 ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
DESC:desc What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
DESC:desc What do insects do through their spiracles ?
NUM:count What is the population of the largest Chilean city
ENTY:other What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
ENTY:color What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
DESC:desc What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
HUM:gr Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
ENTY:animal Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
ABBR:exp What does G.M.T. stand for ?
NUM:weight How much does a poodle weigh ?
NUM:count How many people visit the Pope each month ?
ENTY:plant What is Hawaii 's state flower ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
HUM:ind What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
ENTY:other To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
DESC:def What is gymnophobia ?
LOC:country Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
NUM:count How many languages are there in the world ?
NUM:date When was Abraham Lincoln born ?
LOC:other Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
ENTY:termeq What is another astronomic term for the Northern Lights ?
NUM:count How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
HUM:ind Who created Big Ben ?
HUM:ind Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
LOC:other Where can I get mailing lists ?
DESC:reason What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
LOC:city What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
DESC:def What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
LOC:country What country borders Denmark to the south ?
DESC:reason Why does the moon turn orange ?
HUM:ind Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
ENTY:other What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
DESC:def What is dew point ?
ENTY:animal What do you call a group of geese ?
ENTY:cremat What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
DESC:reason Why can 't ostriches fly ?
DESC:manner How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
NUM:count How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
LOC:other What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
LOC:other What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
HUM:gr Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
DESC:def What is dry ice ?
LOC:city What European city do Nicois live in ?
NUM:count What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
NUM:date When is hurricane season in the Caribbean ?
HUM:ind Who was the first African American to win the Nobel Prize in literature ?
ENTY:color What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
NUM:perc What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
HUM:ind Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
HUM:gr What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Ethiopia ?
HUM:gr What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
HUM:ind What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
HUM:ind Who discovered radium ?
DESC:def What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
NUM:count How many member states are in the UN ?
HUM:ind What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
ENTY:body Which ear can most people hear better with ?
DESC:def What is cosmology ?
ENTY:plant What is Australia 's national flower ?
NUM:count How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
LOC:other What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
ENTY:animal What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
HUM:ind Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
DESC:desc What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of .com ?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
ENTY:event What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
LOC:mount What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
DESC:def What is digitalis ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
ABBR:exp What is AFS ?
ENTY:veh What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
ENTY:cremat What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
DESC:manner How do companies cut paper so thin ?
HUM:ind What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
ENTY:"animal What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?"
NUM:date What year did Oklahoma become a state ?
ENTY:"product What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?"
LOC:other What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
HUM:ind Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
NUM:date When was Beethoven born ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of head lice ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
NUM:period What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
ENTY:food What do ladybugs eat ?
LOC:other What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
DESC:def What is idealab ! ?
ENTY:sport What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
NUM:date When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
ENTY:"animal In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?"
HUM:ind Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
LOC:other Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
HUM:ind Who shot Billy the Kid ?
HUM:desc Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
LOC:other Where did bocci originate ?
HUM:gr What is the oldest university in the US ?
NUM:count How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
DESC:def What are the Poconos ?
DESC:def What are bear and bull markets ?
NUM:count How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
ENTY:animal What kind of mammal is a colt ?
HUM:ind Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
NUM:money How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
NUM:date When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
HUM:gr What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
LOC:other Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
ENTY:dismed What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
ENTY:"sport What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?"
ENTY:food What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
HUM:ind Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
NUM:money By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
HUM:ind Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
ENTY:animal What animal has the biggest eyes ?
DESC:"reason What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?"
NUM:period How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of food ?
LOC:other Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
DESC:manner How did water appear on the earth ?
ENTY:lang Name a Gaelic language .
HUM:ind What is the present Pope named ?
ENTY:body What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
ENTY:food What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
HUM:ind Who was Camp David named for ?
DESC:def What is form drag ?
NUM:period How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
LOC:other What is the rainiest place on Earth ?
DESC:reason Why was the zipper invented ?
HUM:gr What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
LOC:state Kosovo is a province of what country ?
NUM:count How many feet are there in a fathom ?
DESC:def What does seccession mean ?
NUM:date What is the date of Bastille Day ?
DESC:manner How is bubble wrap made ?
DESC:def What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
HUM:ind What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
DESC:def What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
ENTY:event What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
ENTY:veh Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
DESC:desc What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
ENTY:animal What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
HUM:ind Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
DESC:def What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
DESC:reason What causes rust ?
HUM:ind What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
LOC:country What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
ENTY:"substance What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?"
ENTY:cremat What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
LOC:other What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
ENTY:cremat What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
HUM:ind What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
ENTY:cremat What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
ENTY:cremat What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
HUM:ind Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
DESC:desc What happened to Moon Maiden ?
HUM:ind What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
ENTY:food What fruit does the ficus produce ?
NUM:date What year was the NAACP founded ?
DESC:manner How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
NUM:date What year did the Vietnam War end ?
NUM:date In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
LOC:other What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
ENTY:dismed What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
ENTY:cremat What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends 
ENTY:techmeth What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
LOC:other What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
LOC:other Where did the name Daniel originate ?
LOC:other What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
HUM:ind What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
HUM:gr What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
HUM:ind What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
DESC:manner How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
ENTY:animal What is the Ohio state bird ?
NUM:money How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
ABBR:exp What does BMW stand for ?
NUM:count How many continents are there ?
ENTY:letter What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
NUM:count How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
HUM:ind What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
LOC:other Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?
DESC:def What is the pH scale ?
ENTY:animal What kind of creature is a coot ?
HUM:gr What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
DESC:def What is a nematode ?
LOC:state In what state was the first co-educational college established
LOC:country What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
ENTY:substance What birthstone is turquoise ?
NUM:date When was Hiroshima bombed ?
ENTY:"substance What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?"
ENTY:"food What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?"
ENTY:sport What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
LOC:city What 's the capital of Monaco ?
HUM:ind Who invented panties ?
ENTY:sport What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
LOC:country What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
HUM:ind What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
HUM:"ind Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?"
NUM:money What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
ENTY:animal What animal migrates the farthest ?
ENTY:techmeth What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
LOC:other Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
NUM:date When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
NUM:count How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
DESC:manner How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
NUM:date What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
NUM:date In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
NUM:period How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
DESC:desc What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
ENTY:word What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
DESC:def What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
ENTY:other What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
ENTY:"animal What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?"
HUM:desc Who was Red Grange ?
DESC:reason Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
LOC:"city What county is Modesto , California in ?"
NUM:date When was the bar-code invented ?
HUM:ind Who invented the horoscope ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
DESC:reason Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
LOC:country What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
NUM:period How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
ENTY:animal What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
ENTY:sport What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
HUM:ind What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
DESC:def What is a `` False Moon '' ?
HUM:ind What U.S. vice-president once declared 
ENTY:termeq What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
LOC:other What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
ENTY:cremat What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
HUM:ind Who wrote Brave New World ?
NUM:dist How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
HUM:ind Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
ENTY:animal What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
ABBR:exp CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
DESC:manner How do I find a web address for a company ?
HUM:title What is Larry King 's job ?
DESC:reason Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
NUM:count How many people in Tucson ?
ENTY:food What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
DESC:manner How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
LOC:city What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
HUM:gr What company sells the most greeting cards ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
LOC:other What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
DESC:reason Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
NUM:volsize How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
LOC:"other What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?"
LOC:country What country 's flag is field green ?
HUM:ind Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
DESC:def What are the Greek numerals ?
LOC:other What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
DESC:def What is viscosity ?
LOC:country What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
LOC:other What river runs through Liverpool ?
LOC:other What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
DESC:manner How does hair curl ?
LOC:city What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of thank you notes ?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation SOS mean ?
LOC:state What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
LOC:other Where is the largest dam in the world ?
DESC:desc What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
NUM:date When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
HUM:gr What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Collector ?
HUM:ind What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
HUM:gr What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
NUM:period How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
DESC:def What is molybdenum ?
HUM:ind What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
DESC:def What is a hormone ?
ENTY:word What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
LOC:other What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
ENTY:substance What does ribavirin consist of ?
DESC:manner How do chickens have baby chicks ?
HUM:ind Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
DESC:reason What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
ENTY:termeq What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
NUM:count How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
HUM:gr What is the best Internet business to go into ?
NUM:count How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
HUM:ind What American poet wrote 
NUM:date What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves ?
LOC:country What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
DESC:def What is hydrogen ?
NUM:count How many years old is Benny Carter ?
LOC:"city What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?"
HUM:ind What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
ENTY:other What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
NUM:period What is the gestation period for a cat ?
HUM:ind What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
DESC:desc Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
HUM:title What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
ENTY:color What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
HUM:ind What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
DESC:def What is spaceball played on ?
DESC:reason What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
NUM:count How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
LOC:other Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
LOC:country What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sinning ?
ENTY:event What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
NUM:period How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
HUM:"gr What chain store is headquartered in Bentonville , Arkansas ?"
ENTY:product What is the name of the satellite that the Soviet Union sent into space in 1957 ?
ENTY:animal What is the West Virginia state animal ?
DESC:manner How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
ENTY:event What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
HUM:ind Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
ABBR:"exp What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?"
NUM:money What was the first minimum wage ?
HUM:ind Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
